EDUJ  : English Education Journal  
ISSN : 3026 -295X 
 Vol. 1, No. 2; 2023  
Published by CV. Kalimasada Group Profesional  
 
 
77 
 
 
 
 
Code Switching and Code Mixing Used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in 
Daniel Mananta Network Youtube Channel  
 
Dimas Daffa Yanuardi  
Universitas Bina Sarana Informatika  
Jl. Kramat Raya No.98, RT.2/RW.9, Kwitang, Kecamatan Senen, Kota Jakarta Pusat, Daerah Khusus Ibukota Jakarta 
10450  
officialdimasdaffa@gmail.com 
 
 
Received:  October  11, 2023  Accepted:  December  15, 2023  Published:  December  20, 2023  
 
 
 
Abstract  
The purpose of this research is to discover and gain a de eper understanding, for both writer and reader s, regarding the use 
of code switching and code mixing when someone speaks, specifically during a podcast. For this research, the writer uses 
qualitative method in analyzing the data contained within the research information, namely Code Switching and Code 
Mixing used by an actress named Dian Sastrowardoyo in a video titled Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - 
Daniel Tetangga Kamu Youtube video in Daniel Mananta Network Youtube channel. The results of the s tudy show that 
there are 321 utterances spoken  by Dian in the video. The most dominant type for Code Switching is intra -sentential code 
switching, and Code Mixing is intra -sentential code mixing. The most dominant reason of Dian's code switching and 
mixing is talking about a particular topic.  
 
Keywords:  code Switching; code mixing;  reason s for code switching and mixing , you tube  
 
1. Introduction  
Every human on the planet  uses language as a form of communication. When people meet, they communicate 
with one another via language. It ena bles us to effectively and swiftly communicate our thoughts and feelings to others. 
(Ready, 2021) said that language serves primarily as a channel for social interaction, and it is a vital tool for 
communication since it allows us to express our thoughts, receive and issue orders, convey information, and do other 
daily tasks.  In order to fully understa nd language and social difficulties, a scie ntific study is required.  
Sociolinguistics is the field of study that discusses the relationship between language a nd social groups. 
According to Wardhaugh’s theory, Sociolinguistics is the stylistic and social variation of language’s study (Rohati, 
Hidayat, 2019). It means that sociolinguistics studies the variation of language within society. Sociolinguistics also 
related to multilingualism and bilingualism.  
The capacity to speak two languages fluently is known a s bilingualism, whereas the capacity to spe ak more than 
two languages fluently is known as multilingualism.  When a bilingual or multilingual person speaks, th ey often switch 
between the languages they speak. This phenomenon is common for someone bilingual or multilingual. It is called code 
switching and code mixing.  
Code switching is when a person who can speak more than one language switches languages in the middle of a 
conversation.  Code mixing is when a person who can speak more than one language mixes t he languages that he or she 
speaks into the  conversation.  When communicating, individuals use code switching or code mixing for a variety of 
reasons. One reas on is that conversations go much more smoothly, and the message they want to send gets across well 
since some words sound better in a specific language . 
Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu is a podcast video uploaded on a Youtube 
channel called Daniel Mananta Network. Daniel Mananta, the host and the channel owner, interviews  actress Dian 
Sastrowardoyo about her life in this video. The writer chose this video to be the writer's research thesis not only due to 
the writer's fondness  for the actress Dian Sastrowardoyo, but also because Dian Sastrowardoyo employs a lot of code 
switching and code mixing in this video, making it a suitable topic for research. ociolinguistics  EDUJ : English Education Journal       Vol. 01 No. 02; December  2023                                                                                                   
 
 
78 
 
 Definition of Code Switching and Code Mixing  
Bullock & Toribio stated that Code Switching refers to the ability to employ, replace, or switch two languages in 
use (Pratama & Hastuti, 2020). Based on that i nformation, it means that Code Switching is the ability of a person to use, 
replace, or switch two languages when s peaking.  
Risdianto mentions that when linguistic units such as words and phrases from one language are used in place of 
those from another inside a single sentence, that is known as Code Mixing (Sari et al., 2021). According to that 
information, Code Mixing is the use of linguistic units from one language and then incorporating them into another 
langua ge within a sentence.  
 
Types of Code Switch ing and Code Mixing  
According to Poplack in (Kasim et al., 2019), Code Switching is divided into three, namely: int ra-sentential code 
switching, inter -sentential code switching, and tag switching. speaking.  
1. Intra -sentential code switching  
Hoffman, as cited in (Anggr aeni, 2021),  stated that when a speaker employs one  language in the beginning of a 
sentence and then shifts to another within the same sentence, that is known as intra -sentential.  
2. Inter -sentential code sw itching  
According to Retnawati & Mujiyanto in (Nurhayati, 2021), happens within a sentenc e and is frequently seen when a 
speaker employs one language and then  shifts to another in the same sentence.  
3. Tag Switching  
Retnawati & Mujiyanto in (Nurhayati, 2021) also stated that tag switching is an insertion of a tag in one language 
into an utterance in a different language.  
 
Hoffman in (Astri & Fian, 2020) stated that Code Mixing is divided into three categories, namely: intra -sentential 
code mixing, intra lexica l code mixing, and involving a change of pr onunciation.  
1. Intra -sentential code mixing  
Intra -sentential code mixing, is the form of code mixing that occurs with in a phrase, a clause, or a sentence. It is the 
shift that happens in a grammatical structure.  
2. Intra -lexical code mixing  
Intra lexical code mixing, is the form of code mixing that happens within a word boundary. This code mixing 
happens when the speaker attaches the boundaries within word into their pronunciation.  
3. Involving a change of pronunciation  
Involving a change of pronunciation, is the f orm of code mixing that occurs at the phonological level. When 
Indonesians utter an English word, they change the p honological structure of the English word to match the structure in 
Indonesian word.  
 
Reasons for Code Switching and Code Mixing  
According to Hoffman in (Adjei & Ewusi -Mensah, 2019), there are several reasons why bilinguals or 
multilinguals mix or switch their languages during a conversation, namely: talking about a particular topic, quoting 
somebody e lse, being emphatic about something, interj ection (inserting sentence fillers or sentence connectors), 
repetition used for clarification, intention of clarify ing the speech content for interlocutor, expressing group identity.  
Saville -Troike also stated in (Adjei & Ewusi -Mensah, 201 9) that there are another three, namely: to soften or strengthen 
request or command, because of real lexical need, and to exclude other people when a comment is intended for only a 
limited audience.  
 
2. Method  
The writer uses qual itative method in analyzing the data contai ned within the research information, namely Code 
Switching and Code Mixing used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Cerita  Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel 
Tetangga Kamu Youtube video in Daniel Mananta Network Youtube channel. According to (Tenny, Brannan, & 
Brannan, 2022), qualitative research collects participant behavior, experiences, and perception in order to develop 
hypotheses. Instead of addressing how many or how much, it addresses hows and whys.  
To obtai n and collect the necessary data for this r esearch, the writer conducted an Internet search. First, the writer 
opened a video entitled Cerita Hidup Seorang Di an Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu on the Daniel Mananta 
Network channel by opening the Youtube site. Then, the writer downloaded the video and the parts of subtitle. Since the 
subtitle is in parts, the writer ask his friend to resync the timing of the subtitle to match the video that the writer wants . 
Furthermore, the writer watched the video unt il the end while paying attention to the us e of code switching and code 
mixing done by Dian Sastrowardoyo, then listed the codes by classifying them to make t he writer easier to do the data 
analysis for the types, their dominance and the reasons.  
 
 
 EDUJ : English Education Journal       Vol. 01 No. 02; December  2023                                                                                                   
 
 
79 
 
 3. Findings and Discussion  
The findings of this research study shows that there are 321 utterances spoken by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the 
Youtube video titled Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu from Daniel Mananta Network 
Youtube channel . 
 
Types of Code Switching and Code Mixing  
Below is a table of findings on the types of Code Switching used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Youtube video 
titled Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu:  
 
Table 1 - Types of Code Switching  
No Types of Code Switching  Frequency  Percentage  
1 Intra -sentential  67 52.76%  
2 Inter -sentential  20 15.75%  
3 Tag Switching  40 31.5%  
Total:  127 100%  
 
According to the findings, Dian Sastrowardoyo used it 127 times in the Youtube video, with Intra -sente ntial code 
switching used 67 times (52.76%) , Inter -sentential code switching used 20 times (15.75%), and Tag Switching used 40 
times (31.5%). As seen from Table 1, the most dominant type of Code Switching used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the 
Youtube video titled Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu is Intra -sentential code 
switching with a total of 67 data.  Below are  the discussions  of some of the  data found in the Youtube video:  
1. Intra -sentential code switching  
Data no. 36, “You shoul d know. You can just watch the movie, it's going to be so easy, karena di situ diceritain 
banget tentang keluarga -keluarga yang kehilangan anggota keluarga.” (Dian talks about a short movie that she made 
about a family who lose a family member during the tragedy of 1998. Daniel Mananta then responds that he should’ve 
known about it.) From the sentence, the writer can conclude that the switching occurs wit hin the sentence. The switching 
happens after she said “it’s going to be so easy” in English, and then s witches to Indonesian by saying “karena di situ 
diceritain banget tentang keluarga -keluarga yang kehilangan anggotanya.”  
2. Inter -sentential code switching  
Data no 201, “Jadi, kayak gitu lah toleransi yang ada di keluarga gue. And I'm so grateful about it.” (Dian talks about 
how her mother cried and proud when Dian read the Qur’an even though her mother was catholic.) According to the 
sentence provided above , the writer believes that sentence is part of Inter -sentential code switching because the language 
switch happens between two sentences. In the fi rst sentence, Dian Sastrowardoyo utter a full Indonesian sentence, while 
in the second sentence, she utter a full English sentence.  
3. Tag switching  
Data no 121 , “Hello! Dia dulu kerjaannya mengkuliahin gue tentang apa itu antariksa dan galaksi dan ada di mana 
kita, di posisi di galaksi.” (Dian talks about how her father used to lecture her about space and their pla ce in the 
universe.) According to the sentence above, the placement of the tag is at the beginning of th e sentence. Dian 
Sastrowardoyo opened the s entence by saying “Hello” in a sarcastic way, based on the video. After that, she switched 
from English to Indonesian for the rest of the sentence.  
 
Below is a table of finding s on the types of Code Mixing  used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Youtube video titled 
Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu:  
 
 
 EDUJ : English Education Journal       Vol. 01 No. 02; December  2023                                                                                                   
 
 
80 
 
 Table 2 - Types of Code Mixing  
No Types of Code Mixing  Frequency  Percentage  
1 Intra -sentential  171 88.18%  
2 Intra -lexical  13 6.7%  
3 Involv ing a change of 
pronunciation  10 5.15%  
Total: 194 100%  
 
Based on the data provided by Table 2 above, Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Youtube video titled Cerita Hidup 
Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu used all of the three types of code mixing from Hoffman’s theory. 
Based on the findings, Dian Sastrowardoyo used a total of 194 code mixing, with Intra -sentential code mixing used 171 
times (88.18%), intra -lexical code mixing used 13 times (6.7%), and Involving a change of pronunciation used 10 tim es 
(5.15%) throughout the video. The most d ominant type of code mixing used by Dian Sastrowardoyo was Intra -Sentential 
with a total of 171 data.  Below are  the discussions of  some of the  data found in the Youtube video:  
1. Intra -sentential code mixing  
Data no. 141, “Itu salah satu dosa sebenernya, kalau misalnya kita bisa merasa lebih pride.” (Dian talks about how it 
is a sin for other person to feel better than anyone else.) As seen from the sentence provided, the Intra -sentential Code 
Mixing occurs at the end  of the sentence, which is on the word “pri de”. “Pride” means “bangga” in Indonesia. Dian 
Sastrowardoyo uttered the word “pride” in English because she probably felt more comfortable saying it on her second 
language  
2. Intra -lexical  code mixing  
Data no. 155, “Yang bahaya banget justru bukan approval orang lain atau tidak diapprove orang lain,  tapi justru 
penerimaan diri lu sendiri terhadap diri lu.” (Dian talks about how dangerous it is to not accept yourself, and to rather 
listen to other’s approval.) Accord ing to the sentence provided above, the wri ter can concl ude that Intra -lexical does 
happens and it happens in the word “diapprove”. The word can be considered as Intra -lexical Code Mixing because of 
the changes in the word structure. “Di” is in Indonesian while “approve” is in English. She probably mix the word 
because it helped her speaking ability to be more flow.  
3. Involving a change of pronunciation  
Data no. 184, “Dan lu harus respect sama orang Indonesia,  karena orang Indonesia yang benar tuh kayak gini .” 
(Dian talks about how she wanted other c ountries to s ee right Indonesians, the ones who work hard.) According  to the 
sentence pr ovided above, the writer ca n conclude that the word “respect” has an almost similar phonetic with its 
translation, “respek” in Indonesian. “Respect” is pronounced ”/r ɪˈspekt/” while “respek” is pronounced “/re’spek/”.  
 
Reasons for Code S witching and Code M ixing  
 
Below is a table of finding s on the types of Code Mixing  used by Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Youtube video titled 
Cerita Hidup Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu:  
 
Table 3 - Reasons for Code Switching & Code Mixing  
No Reasons for Code Switching & 
Code Mixing  Frequency  Percentage  
1 Talking about a particular topic  113 35.20%  
2 Quoting somebody else  5 1.56%  EDUJ : English Education Journal       Vol. 01 No. 02; December  2023                                                                                                   
 
 
81 
 
 3 Being emphatic about something  80 24.92%  
4 Interjection (inserting sentence 
fillers or sentence connectors)  49 15.26%  
5 Repetition used for clarification  8 2.49%  
6 Intention of clarifying the speech 
content for interlocutor  43 13.4%  
7 Expressing group identity  0 - 
8 To soften or strengthen request or 
command  3 0.93%  
9 Real lexical need  20 6.23%  
10 To exclude other people when a 
comment is intended for only a 
limited audience  0 - 
Total:  321 100%  
 
According to Table 3, the most dominant reason used by Dian Sastrowardoyo was talking about a particular topic 
with 113 data (35.20%), while the least reason used was to soften or strengthen request or command  with 3 data (0.93%).  
Below are the discussions of some of the data found in the Youtube video:  
 
1. Talking about a particular topic  
Data no. 37, “Itu kita produce film seperti itu, terus kita bikin film Drupadi waktu itu.” (Dian talks about the movie 
that she produced, movies that) Based on the sentenc e, the writer can conclude that Dian Sastrowardoyo used the word 
“produce” to specifically talk about a topic, which is her movie production.  
2. Quoting somebody else  
Data no. 310, “Dia bilang “lu tahu gak kenapa, aku ajak kamu kawin,” dulu ya dulu. Sepuluh tahun yang lalu. 
“Karena you have a job.”” (Dian talks about the reason her husband decided to marry her.) According to the information 
provided by the sentence above, the writer believes that Dian Sastrowardoyo was quoting what her husband said to her 
abou t the reason he married her ten years ago.  
3. Being emphatic about something  
Data no. 27, “Well, I am blessed and I am very grateful dengan segala macam yang terjadi AA DC segede itu 
impactnya, cuman, living day -by-day tuh gue kadang -kadang lupa akan hal itu gitu loh, jadi kadang -kadang lu ya jalanin 
aja gitu.” (Dian talks about how sometimes she forgot about the impact that her film gave.)  As seen from the sentence 
provided above, the phrase “Well, I am blessed and I am very grateful” was by Dian Sastrowardoy o to express her being 
blessed and grateful about the impact that her film, AADC, had on her life.  
4. Interjection (inserting sentence fillers or sentence connectors)  
Data no. 64, “Gue baru sekali. Damn, ini tugas gue ya, bo, bukan tugasnya AD gue, bukan tugasnya Art Director 
gue, bukan, “ini tugas elo.”” (Dian talks about her experience as a movie director and the duties that she had to do.) As 
seen from the above sentence, the word “damn” is used by Dian Sastrowardoyo as an interjection to express a shocking  
emotion. It emphasizes on her being surprised about the work that she had to do during making a film.  
5. Repetition used for clarification          
Data no. 151, “Jadi , kayaknya... kalau kita ganti bahan baku tuh ini kayak bahan baku yang lebih ini, terbarukan. 
Lebih renewable.” (Dian mentioned that when a person do something that is bigger than that person, the energy of that 
person to do the task will be easily renewed.) Based on the sentence, the writer can conclude that Dian Sastrowardoyo 
repeated the Ind onesian word “terbarukan” in English, which is “renewable”.  
6. Intention of clarifying the speech content for interlocutor                        EDUJ : English Education Journal       Vol. 01 No. 02; December  2023                                                                                                   
 
 
82 
 
 Data no. 98, “At the m oment iya, soalnya nyokap gue kayaknya secara di bawah sadar dia tuh kayak selalu gitu, dia 
ngomong mau jadi apa, kamu mau jadi artis?” (Dian talks about her biggest fear at that moment when she still feel 
conflicted about her choice of career.) Based on the sentence presented above, the writer can conclude that Dian 
Sastrowardoyo used the phras e “at the moment” to clarify the rest of the sentence, which is about her mother’s 
questioning her about what she actually wants to be.  
7. To soften or strengthen reque st or command                           
Data n o. 5, “Gak apa -apa, you'll get there.” (Dian said “you’ll get there” to ensure Daniel, who is still a newbie in 
bycicle riding, that he will be an active rider.) According to the sentence, Dian Sastrowardoyo used the phrase “you’ll get 
there” in a soft tone to tell her interlocutor that he will finis h the task.  
8. Real lexical need                          
Data no. 8, “Dan sekarang tuh malah jadi sampe ada waktu untuk lu bener -bener journaling gitu.” (Dian talks abo ut 
how she can finally have the time to write a journal in the time of the pandemic.) According to the given sentence, Dian 
Sastrowardoyo used the English word “journaling” because it has no equivalent lexical meaning in Indonesian. 
“Journaling” means writing something in a diary or journal.  
 
4. Conclusion  
The study that the writer conducted con cludes that Dian Sastrowardoyo in the Youtube video titled Cerita Hidup 
Seorang Dian Sastrowardoyo - Daniel Tetangga Kamu used the all the types of Code Switching an d Code Mixing in her 
utterances.  According to the data collected from the Youtube video, the dominant type of code switching used by Dian 
Sastrowardoyo is intra -sentential code switching with 67 data (52.76%), Tag switching ranks second with 40 data 
(31.5%), while inter -sentential code switching used the least with 20 data (15.75%). As for Code Mixing, the dominant 
type is intra -sentential code mixing with 171 data (88.18%). Intra -lexical code mixing ranks second with 13 data (6.7%), 
and involving a change of pronunciation ranks last with 10 data (5.15 %). 
There are also numerous reasons Dian Sastrowardoyo used Code Switching and Code Mixing.  Dian 
Sastrowardoyo used 8 out of the 10 reasons. The most dominant reason is talking about a particular topic with 113 data 
(35.20%). Being emphatic about something ranks second with 80 data (24.92%), and to s often or strengthen request or 
command is the least used reason with only 3 data (0.93%).  This study further proves Code Switching and Code Mixing 
can improve a pers on’s speaking ability during a conversation. T hey can help communication to run smoothly for the 
speaker, and to make the interlocutor understand the meaning better.  
 
 
5. References  
 
Adjei, A. A., & Ewusi -Mensah, L. (2019). Code -Switching And Code -Mixing among University Lecturers In Formal 
Interactions With Students. Journal of Language and Li nguistics, (6).  
Anggraeni, D. (2021). Types of Code Switching Used in The Naked Traveler Novel. Scope : Journal of English 
Language Teaching , 5(2). https://doi.org/10.30998/scope.v5i2.8659   
Astri, Z., & Fian, A. (2020). The Sociolinguistics Study on the Use of Code Mixing In Gita Savitri Devi’s  Youtube 
Channel Video. SELTICS , 83–92. https://doi.org/10.46918/SELTICS.V0I0.728   
Kasim, U., Yusuf, Y. Q., & Ningsih, S. (2019). The types and functions of code switching in a thesis defense 
examination. Edulite: Journal of English Education, Literature, and Culture, 4(2), 101. 
https://doi.org/10.30659/e.4.2.101 -118  
Nurhayati, S. (2021). A Study of Code Switching and Code Mixing  on Youtube Tal k Show Curhat Bang  Denny 
Sumargo with Cinta Laura. International Journal of English and Applied Linguistics (IJEAL) , 1(3), 268 –282. 
https://doi.org/10.47709/IJEAL.V1I3.1299   
Pratama, R. M. D., & Hastuti, D. P. (2020). Code Mixing and Code Switching in Twivortiare 2 Novel By Ika Natassa. 
Jurnal Wanastra Universitas Bina Sarana Informatika, 288 –295. https://repository.bsi.ac.id/repo/25677/Code -
Mixing -and-Code -Switching -in-Twivortiare -2-Novel -By-Ika-Natassa . 
Ready, A. F. (2021). The Strategies and Assignment of Teaching and Learning of Speaking Ability in an Educational 
Institution. Lisan An Nathiq: Jurnal Bahasa dan Pendidikan Bahasa Arab, 2(2), 163 -173. 
Rohati, T. D., & Hidayat, D. (2019). Code Mixing In Novel Takbir Cinta Zahrana. Wanastra, 11(2), 183 –190. 
Sari, M., Arifin, A., & Harida, R. (2021). Code -switching and Code -mixing Used by Guest Star in Hotman Paris Show. 
Journal of English Language Learning , 5(2).  
Tenny, S., Brannan, J. M., & Brannan, G. D. (2022). Qualitative Study. In StatPearls [Internet]. StatPearls Publishing. 
Retrieved from https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK470395/   
 
 
 
 
 