464  College & Research Libraries May 2023
graduate students can contribute to my library’s initiatives, even without an LIS background 
or coursework.
Part 4, “Centering the Person,” addresses the need for academic libraries to step away 
from a one-job-fits-all approach and toward an empathy-driven employment structure for 
graduate students. This chapter will be especially useful to managers, supervisors, and men-
tors of graduate student assistants who want to understand and collaborate better with their 
employees. It is important to note that employing graduate students is not just beneficial to 
the library, but also to the student who wants to gain meaningful work experience before 
facing the extremely competitive academic library job market. This is a helpful reminder to 
librarians, who were themselves at one point LIS students, to remember what it was like to be 
hungry for information and experiences that would give them the edge while on the job hunt.
“Voices from the Field” anecdotes included throughout the text, feature graduate stu-
dent employees sharing what they learned and gained from their experience working in the 
academic library. These personal stories provide important context that supports the need 
to implement and reimagine graduate student employment and the impact it has on future 
librarians and professionals. As contributor Allison Kittinger says, “the specific combination of 
courses and work responsibilities I had was ultimately crucial to my developing confidence in 
working in a library setting and a sense of preparedness for postgraduation academic library 
jobs” (114). Kittinger captures a truth first stated in the introduction: graduate students aren’t 
our future colleagues, they are our colleagues. — Maria Atilano, University of North Florida
Brian Michael Murphy. We the Dead: Preserving Data at the End of the World. Chapel Hill, NC: 
University of North Carolina Press, 2022. 316 p. Hardcover $32.95 (ISBN: 9781469668284); 
ebook $23.99 (ISBN: 9781469668307). LCCN: 2021-058924.
Librarians tend to look askance at commentators on their work and pro-
fession from outside the guild. Henry Petroski, an engineer, wrote Book 
on the Bookshelf (1999), looking at the practical construction principles of 
bookshelves through history, and was never taken seriously by librar-
ians—perhaps also in light of his (joking?) recommendations to arrange 
books on bookshelves by the author’s first name, or by the first letter of 
the second-to-last word of the title. Umberto Eco’s Name of the Rose (1981) 
was nothing if not a roman à clef about the perfidy of librarians hoard-
ing secrets—which of course we know we never do. A final example, the 
pharaonic undertaking by two other outsiders, Sergey Brin and Larry 
Page, to create a universal digital library, was, as Deanna Marcum and Roger C. Schonfeld 
argue in Along Came Google: A History of Library Digitization , brought down largely through 
the opposition of major library organizations, ALA, ARL, and ACRL.
So now we have a book with “preserving data” in the subtitle that is decidedly not by a 
librarian, not even a digital librarian, but by a self-described “media archaeologist” (87). The 
author is also a poet and an essayist, not to mention dean of the college at Bennington. Like the 
other outsiders mentioned, Brian Michael Murphy makes disturbing, heretical observations, 
among them that “[t]he practice of data preservation is itself inherently toxic” (33); or that 
librarians “preserve through annihilation” (63). He even relates the will to preserve—which 
in our field is axiomatic—to what he (following André Bazin) calls the “Mummy Complex” 
(7), updated to today’s world as the “data complex”: a vast, extrasomatic matrix that aspires 
Book Reviews  465
to a kind of immortality independent of the human beings—us—who have given rise to it. In 
the data complex, humans do still play a role, though only as “human biochips… embedded 
in the cyborg of the data complex” (180). The entire history of preservation is in fact dubi-
ous. Murphy suggests that racism and eugenics were behind the preservation-minded time 
capsules of the earlier twentieth century, and that “surveillance capitalism” and atomic war 
fatalism provided the impetus to develop microfilm. Most disturbing of all is that the author 
makes a pretty good case for all these claims.
As for the job title media archaeologist, “archaeology” in this context should be understood 
both in the literal sense—physically excavating or exhuming an otherwise lost past—and in 
the Foucauldian sense: digging (figuratively) to unearth the pre-logical, often pre-rational 
assumptions that drive our social, “surface” movements and beliefs. 
In the literal sense of the word, “archaeological” well describes the—absolutely fascinat-
ing—journeys the author undertakes (and minutely describes) at numerous mega-archival 
sites across the United States: Iron Mountain in Boyers, Pennsylvania; the National Archives 
at College Park, Maryland (“Archives II”); the subterranean Greenbrier Bunker at White Sul-
fur Springs, West Virginia; Mount Pony in Colorado; and others. Some but by no means all 
these sites (especially Iron Mountain) are known to librarians and archivists as the ultimate 
“permanent” repositories for sensitive physical materials, among them photographic nega-
tives, original recordings of classic songs, microfilm masters, and of course uncountable paper 
originals. These “data bunkers” also increasingly house servers storing petabytes (exabytes?) 
of born-digital government and corporate (e.g., banking) data. The incursions he describes, 
through blastproof doors and past heavily armed guards, do indeed recall the adventures 
of actual archaeologists, like Howard Carter opening the tomb of Tutankhamun or, more 
popularly, Indiana Jones defeating snakes and deadly booby traps to reach the extraordinary 
riches deep inside ancient tombs. (Mummy Complex indeed!) Once inside these repositories, 
astonishing riches of another kind await. For example, the eleven million original photographs 
of the Bettmann Archive are deep inside Iron Mountain. Of these eleven million, only 2.7 
percent (300,000) have ever been digitized. (128) The Bettmann Archive was bought in 1995 
by Bill Gates for an undisclosed amount, making him the owner of thousands of iconic im-
ages that are reproduced, for a fee, worldwide. Gates is a member of the class Murphy calls 
“vectoralists:” the “rulers of rulers” who control the originals of information, and who, by 
aggregating and manipulating huge troves of artifacts and data, have become the most pow-
erful and wealthiest individuals on the planet. But as masters of the “data complex,” they are 
actually only priests who serve what they appear to own, since the data complex has evolved 
from “a thing that we have to a thing that has us.” To maintain their lofty status and wealth, 
the vectoralists must preserve their data, “obeying the call of the data complex to constantly 
seek more space for aggregating, preserving, and analyzing data” (13).
Somewhere in the middle of the last paragraph, we left the domain of “archaeology” in 
the traditional meaning of the word and entered into a largely abstract “archaeology” where 
the rules were formulated decades ago by French historian and cultural archaeologist Michel 
Foucault, a world in which (to use Murphy’s terminology) our “biobodies” are accompanied 
non-physically by their respective, largely invisible “data bodies,” which in turn often have 
greater value than people do to corporations and governments. The sum total of these data 
bodies comprise the “data complex,” which ultimately is “in service to itself” and aspires 
to “a kind of data-based immortality” (11). This, then, is the origin of the “will to preserv e.”466  College & Research Libraries May 2023
But let’s return to Archaeology 1.0, which is probably of most interest to librarians. 
Murphy is not hopeful about the prospects to permanently preserve archival objects, neither 
physical nor digital. Keeping physical artifacts permanently requires either hugely invasive 
chemical treatments or very expensive artificial environments of temperature or gas which are 
unlikely to be sustained over time. Data (artifacts included) “is subject to both foreseeable and 
unforeseeable disasters; the ultimate futility of all our attempts to preserve data permanently 
and fully securitize it against flood, fire, terrorism, hacking, sabotage, and the threat of its 
own chemical makeup. Even if the negatives [stored beneath the World Trade Center] hadn’t 
been destroyed on 9/11, they would have naturally decayed within a century or so” (124).
So, the reality of “preservation” is often far removed from the value we attach to it and the 
vocabulary we choose to describe it. Case in point: One of the greatest misnomers of our digital 
world today is “the cloud,” where we—including we individuals—send all our most valued data 
for safekeeping. This very cloud “does not exist immaterially in the air above our heads,” but 
in servers buried deep in the interiors of remote mountains, or just very deep underground. All 
of this storage, especially when called a “cloud,” allows us to harbor the illusion that our data 
bodies and our world will live on forever if we only… trust. With “preservation” in our minds, 
individually and collectively, we are torn “between oblivion and a fossilized eternity” (143).
This thought-provoking, often revelatory book is highly recommended for college and 
university libraries as well as for supplemental reading lists for graduate students in informa-
tion science—and cultural studies, specifically cultural anthropology. It provides a context for 
the work of librarians that lends depth and—sometimes frightening—context to their work. 
— Jeffrey Garrett, Northwestern University
Beyond the Book: Unique and Rare Primary Sources for East Asian Studies Collected in North 
America. Jidong Yang, ed. New York: Columbia University Press, 2022. 368 pp. Hardcover, 
$60, (ISBN 9780924304989).
If information specialists are looking for a book about the unique col-
lections of significant East Asian Libraries in North America, I heartily 
recommend Beyond the Book.
A compilation of presentations from a 2015 conference at Stanford 
University organized by Dr. Jidong Yang, each updated chapter begins 
with a brief history of the contributor’s East Asian library and introduces 
some of their signature collections that go “beyond the book”: letters, maps, 
pictures, films, sound recordings, etc. All of the contributing librarians 
and scholars are native or near-native language speakers in their respec-
tive fields, and they justifiably celebrate their worthy achievements. They 
have worked diligently to provide and improve access to their communities in response to 
donors’ requests for each collection. Presented as a whole, readers can easily compare each 
individual effort and understand the complexities associated with specialized collections that 
must be made accessible to the public. These efforts have continued while the authors care-
fully balance several conflicting duties simultaneously, including day-to-day operations as 
well as deadlines for long-time goals. 
What will impress readers of this book are the varied contents in long, rich histories in 
the regions, the diversity of viewpoints represented in each collection, and the complex digi-
tization efforts to make them more broadly accessible.