 
Uluslararası Ders Kitapları ve Eğitim Materyalleri Dergis i (IJOTEM), 6(2 ), 211-235. 
 
211 
 INTERNATI ONAL JOURNAL O F TEXTBOOKS AND EDUCATION 
MATERI ALS (IJOTEM)  
 
https://dergipark.org.tr/tr/pub/ijotem  
 
 Visualisation o f Some Poems of Yahya Kemal with Artificial I ntelligence 
Technology   
 
  
Ahmet KARADOĞAN1 
Atatürk University , Kâzım Karabekir 
Faculty , of Education , Turkish Language and 
Literature Education  
Dr. 
karadoganahmet@hotmail.com  
Orcid ID: 0000 -0002 -7183 -3929  Fetullah UYUMAZ2 
Atatürk University Kâzım Karabekir Faculty 
of Education , Social Sciences and Turkish 
Education  
Research Assistant  
fetullah.uyumaz@atauni.edu.tr  
Orcid ID: 0000 -0002 -0274 -8640  
  
 
Article Type: Research Article  
Received:  10.10.2023  
Revision received: 20.10.2023  
Accepted: 28.10.2023  
Published online:  29.10.2023   
Citation : Karadoğ an, A. , & Uy umaz, F.,  
(2023). A different perspective on Yahya 
Kemal poetry: visualisation of some poems 
of Yahya K emal with artificial i ntelligence 
techno logy. International Journal of 
Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2). 
211-235. 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
212 
 Visualisation of Some Poems of Yahya Kemal with Artificial I ntelligence 
Technology  
Ahmet KARADOĞAN1 
Atatürk University Kâzım Karabekir Faculty of Education , Turkish Language and Literature 
Education  
Fetullah UYUMAZ 2* 
Atatürk University Kâzım  Karabekir Faculty of Education, Social Sciences and Turkish 
Education  
Abstract  Research Article  
We think that addressing the view of artificial intelligence, which is used in 
almost every field today, from literary genres to poetry will fill a gap in the 
literature. In this context, in this study, we examined how to visualise poems 
from literary products with artificial intelligence and whether the visuals 
created will be related to poetry. For this purpose, we selected Yahya 
Kemal's poems titled Gurbet, Bir Yıldız Aktı, Uçuş, Ziyaret, Siliz Gemi, 
Maltepe, Akşam Musik isi, Gece, Mevsimler, which have an important place 
in Turkish literature. We obtained visuals for the poems using Dall.  E and 
Artbreeder applications. In the study, we examined how compatible the 
visuals were with the poems by using the content analysis m ethod. As a 
result; artificial intelligence produced visuals suitable for the words, themes 
and emotions in the poems. We determined that the visuals produced by 
artificial intelligence were reminiscent of poems in terms of colour and 
shape.  
 Received : 10.10.2023  
Revision received:  
20.10.2023  
Accepted: 28.10.2023  
Published online:  
29.10.2023  Keywords:  Yahya Kemal, artificial intelligence, digital art, poetry 
visualization  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
Correspondin g author:  
1Dr. 
karadoganahmet@hotmail.com  
Orcid ID: 0000 -0002 -7183 -3929  
*2Research Assistant  
fetullah.uyumaz@atauni.edu.tr  
Orcid ID: 0000 -0002 -0274 -8640  
 
  
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
213 
 Yahya Kemal’in Bazı Şiirle rinin Yapay Zekâ Teknolojisiyle 
Görselleştirilmesi   
Ahmet KARADOĞAN 1 
Atatürk Üniversitesi Kâzım Karabekir Eğitim Fakültesi Türk Dili ve Edebiyatı Eğitimi  
Fetullah UYUMAZ2* 
Atatürk Üniversitesi K âzım Karabekir Eğitim Fakültesi, Sosyal Bilimler ve Türkçe Eğitimi  
Öz Araştırma Makalesi  
Günümüzde neredeyse her alanda kullanılan yapay zekânın edebi 
türlerden şiire bakışının ele alınmasının literatürde bir boşluğu 
dolduracağını düşünmekteyiz. Bu bağlamda çalışmada, edebiyat 
ürünlerinden şiirlerin yapay zekâ ile nasıl görselleştirileceği ve 
oluşturulan görsellerin şiir ile bağlantılı olup olmayacağı konusunu 
inceledik. Bu amaçla Türk edebiyatında önemli bir yere sahip olan 
Yahya Kemal’in Gurbet, Bir Yıldız Aktı, Uçuş, Ziyaret, Sessiz Gemi, 
Maltepe, Akşam Musikisi, Gece, Mevsimler isimli şiirl erini seçtik. 
Dall.  E ve Artbreeder uygulamalarını kullanarak şiirler için görseller 
elde ettik. Çalışmada içerik analizi yöntemini kullanarak görsellerin 
şiir ile ne kadar uyumlu olduğunu incelendik. Sonuç olarak; yapay 
zekâ şiirlerdeki kelime, tema ve du yguya uygun görseller üretti. Yapay 
zekanın ürettiği görsellerin renk ve şekil bakımından şiirleri 
anımsattığını belirledik.  
 Alınma t arihi : 
10.10.2023  
Düzeltilm iş hali alınma 
tarihi : 20.10.2023  
Kabul edilme t arihi: 
28.10.2023  
Çevrimiçi yayınlanma 
tarihi:  29.10.2023  Anahtar Kelimeler:  Yahya Kemal, yapay zekâ, sayısal sanat, şiir 
görselleştirme  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                                                           
1 Sorumlu yazar iletişim bilgileri:   
Dr. 
karadoganahmet@hotmail.com  
Orcid ID:  0000 -0002 -7183 -3929  
2* Ararştırma Görevlisi  
fetullah.uyumaz@atauni.edu.tr  
Orcid ID: 0000 -0002 -0274 -8640   
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
214 
 Introduction  
 
In recent years, artificial intelligence has emerged as a very essential concept that has 
led to changes and transformations, new ideas, new business lines and the death of some 
business lines by showing its influence in almost every aspect of our lives. Artificial 
intelligence increases its popularity day by day and helps many business lines and 
professionals with different applicat ion areas and applications (Çelik, 2022, p. 95). These 
developments can directly benefit the positive progress of our lives in social, cultural, 
economic and social contexts and contribute to the rapid growth of our civilisation (Yengin, 
2022, p. 95). Arti ficial intelligence refers to machine simulations that are an example of 
human intelligence and are designed to think and act like humans. These machines are 
programmed to perform tasks that normally require human intelligence, such as visual 
perception, s peech, recognition, decision -making and language translation (Aydoğdu Çelik, 
Çelik, 2023, p. 22).  
While artificial intelligence as a concept has been defined in various ways since the 
day it emerged, it can be said that various differences have emerged in definitions as it has 
manifested itself in many areas of human life. While Ergen (2019, p. 6) defines artificial 
intelligence as "a highly complex and effective technology that enables the realisation of basic 
methods such as learning and comparison", Kaya  and Engin (2005, p. 106) define it as "a 
technology that can imitate human intelligence and human learning style, can perform what is 
commanded to it in the light of the data entered or the findings obtained, and can produce 
successful results in solving different problems it encounters". According to Bostrom (2018, 
p. 184), artificial intelligence is used in various sectors from defence industry to finance, from 
production to health. Artificial intelligence tools are used in many different fields from the  
health sector to production systems, from sales to military applications and transform 
industries. Say (1998) sees it as the biggest engineering project in human history. He also 
defines it as "the branch of science that examines how we can make artificia l systems (with 
bodies if necessary) perform every cognitive activity that natural systems can do (whether 
intelligent or not) at higher levels of success" (Say, 2018, p. 83). Artut (2019, p. 767) defines 
it as "the ability to fulfil all logic, self -awaren ess, comprehension, reasoning, problem solving 
and creativity abilities by a computational system in a non -biological structure." In addition to 
all these definitions, Köse (2018, p. 185) states that there are "significant problems and  
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
215 
 challenges in terms of personal data protection, ethical principles, violations, cyber -attacks, 
etc.".  
Visualisation with artificial intelligence helps to make sense of complex datasets and 
provides insights into patterns and relationships that are not easily recognised by tr aditional 
data analysis methods (Aydoğdu Çelik, Çelik, 2023, p. 22). As with any technology, 
visualisation with artificial intelligence has potential disadvantages. One of the main concerns 
is the potential for AI to perpetuate biases in data that may lead  to inaccurate or unfair 
conclusions. To mitigate this risk, it is important to ensure that AI visualisation tools are 
trained on a variety of datasets and that any bias in the data is identified and addressed 
(Aydoğdu Çelik, Çelik, 2023, p. 24).  
In this study, a few poems of Yahya Kemal Beyatlı, one of the important poets of 
Turkish literature, are discussed. Yahya Kemal Beyatlı, who is one of the most important 
poets of the Republican period and shaped the poetry of his period, is one of the most  
important representatives of Turkish poetry. The echoes of his poems were very effective and 
left an impact on the poets who came after him (Öztürk, 2020, p. 149). The poet, who 
skilfully applied Aruzu to Turkish, combined divan poetry and western poetry with great 
mastery (Öztürk, 2020, p. 150). The poet endeavours to bring the language he uses in his 
poems to the most perfect form (Öztürk, 2020, p. 151). For all these reasons, Yahya Kemal 
Beyatlı was preferred as a poet. In addition to these, another rea son for the selection of the 
poet is that Roger Finch translated the poet's poems into English. Roger Finch is one of the 
rare people who can combine academics and artists. As he is a poet, an academic and an 
expert in the field of linguistics, he handled the poems with great sensitivity and even paid 
attention to their rhymes and translated the poems Gurbet, A star flowed, Flight, Visit, Silent 
ship, Maltepe, Evening music, Night, Seasons without taking them out of context.  
Although there are many studies  on artificial intelligence in the literature, this research 
was conducted with the poems of one of the Turkish poets who is not encountered in the 
literature. For this reason, it is thought that the research will contribute to the current 
literature. In t his respect, the study is original and one of the first studies in the field. With this 
study, how artificial intelligence will visualise the way of thinking in Turkish poetry in terms 
of theme, subject and emotion can be seen as one of the reasons for the  study. In addition, the 
ability of artificial intelligence applications to visualise artistic texts without taking them out 
of context will also be examined. It is thought that this study will draw attention to the gap in 
the field and fill this gap by gi ving ideas to new studies.   
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
216 
 Purpose of the Study  
The main purpose of this study is to investigate how an artificial intelligence 
application visualises poems. In this context, the study also sought answers to the following 
sub-problems;  
1. Are the visuals p roduced by artificial intelligence for Yahya Kemal's poems suitable 
for the theme and subject?  
2. Do the visuals produced by artificial intelligence for Yahya Kemal's poems evoke 
the poem?  
 
Method  
 
Research  Design  
The method of the research is content analysis, which is one of the quantitative 
research methods. Content analysis is a research method that makes objective, methodological 
and quantitative explanations of the content of written/open communication (Tavşancıl & 
Aslan, 2001, p. 17). Within the scope of the research, we used Dall.E and Artbreeder 
applications from artificial intelligence applications. In this way, we examined how Yahya 
Kemal's poems were visualised with artificial intelligence technology.  
 
Research  Scope  
In this study, 9 poems of  Yahya Kemal Beyatlı, one of the most important poets of 
Turkish literature, are discussed. The reason for choosing Yahya Kemal as the poet is that 
Roger Finch translated his poems into English. Roger Finch, as an expert in his field, has 
handled the poems  with great sensitivity and translated them without taking them out of 
context.  
 
Limitation of Research  
Yahya Kemal's poems Gurbet, Bir yıldız aktı, Uçuş, Ziyaret, Silent ship, Maltepe, 
Akşam müziği, Gece, Mevsimler were selected for this study. The main f actor as a limitation 
in the selection of poems is that we have access to only these poetry translations of Roger 
Finch.  
 
  
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
217 
 Data Colection and Data Analysis  
Dall.  E and Artbreeder applications were used as data collection tools in the study.  
Within the scope of the study, we analysed 9 poems in line with content analysis. After 
content analysis, the poems were uploaded one by one to artificial intelligence applications. 
Artificial intelligence applications provided us with data by drawing appropriate vis uals for 
the poems.  
Translating the poems without taking them out of context is important for artificial 
intelligence applications to make sense of and translate English words and sentences. In this 
way, what was intended to be conveyed was fully conveyed and visuals were obtained in this 
context.  
 
Findings  
 
Exile  
Exile, what is it, can he know who has not been driven  
Out to some aloof land? O exile, days of unbroken  
Sunset, unbroken distances, days sunk in misery!  
And the years go by, years of sorrow, years of powerty.  
In a desert dryness, it is the mind’s waterlessness,  
It is both the yearning to fall asleep and sleeplessness.  
It is that stealthiest of torments, time that will not move on,  
It is the exixtence of a thousand wrongs, pardon withdrawn.  
The pain of loneliness is farr worse than any torture;  
Yet this man, overcome by it, to be broken must endure  
Visuals created with the poem Gurbet;  
 
 
 
 
 
  
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
218 
 Figure 1  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
Figure 2  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
When Figure 1 and 2 are analysed, it is seen that both of them emphasise the theme of 
expatriation. The man in the first image is an old man who has suffered from distress with his 
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
219 
 eyes looking far away and wrinkles on his face. In the 2nd image, we see a lonely person in 
the des ert. The desert represents loneliness. The fact that the person in the desert goes towards 
the direction of the setting sun emphasises going away.  
 
A Star Flowed  
A star flowed, as though sky and sea embraced. It suddenly  
Reminded us of that first kiss at the crest of pession.  
Together our eyes were dazzled, we glanced toward the open sea.  
In the daydreamy blue this glitter appeared to vanish  
Before we could trace its passing, an unsolved mystery.  
We thought to ourselves: it flew there, it died there,  
a gol d-winged thrush.  
We witnessed the cascade of a star, in just such a way;  
My God, we cried, what is this enigma we call ‘creation’?  
Guileless mankind floating along in his transitory world  
Hopes for an ongoing find in any form, all in a rush.  
 
Visuals created with a star flowed poem;  
Visuals created with the poem A Star Flowed;  
 
Figure 3  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
220 
  Figure 4  
Image Created with Dall.E  
 
 
When Figure  3 and 4 are analysed, it is seen that visuals suitable for the words sparkle, 
light, star are created in both visuals. It can be said that visuals suitable for the title of the 
poem were produced.  
 
Flight  
Before alighting, the soul sails through Heaven’s shoreless hue;  
Doesn’t Noah in the Flood thus resemble a bird too?  
The sky above is laden with prolonged clouds that capture  
Momently below the sea’s primeval foamy texture.  
The sea in its shaking does not know what its waves number,  
As millions of waves m illions of waves more from slumber;  
Its constant uproar is a folk song, spacious, full of cries,  
Full of millions of shutings, millions of shouted replies.  
Each time the stars in their highlands open to the atmosphere,  
A world they have imagined begins to appear.  
Only a soul -supporting air is above in the sky;  
It s in the sensations that teach daydreams how to fly.  
Only in this tier of the can constant flight be real  
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
221 
 With every turn, the soul, that bird with scissor wings of steel,  
Sights land on the horizo n for less than a few moments,  
Free in the sky, flying free in the sea, free in the distance  
 
Visuals created with the poem Flight;  
 
Figure 5  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
Figure 6  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
222 
 When Figure  5 and 6 are analysed, visuals suitable for the poem were created. In both 
of them, visuals compatible with the words sea, wave were created. In addition, visuals were 
created in harmony with the words wind, air, fly in the poem.  
 
Pilgrimage  
Together agai n at the same season, beneath the ancient trees,  
Together again at the same season, we walk around as though breeze  
And the shadows af these sycamores, these cypresses, numb us;  
In this tank, the water’s voice glows with a celestial nimbus.  
Why can the old  architect not have us pray for his soul here?  
Water combed from heaven sparkles in this vision’s atmosphere;  
On these walls, worth endless hours of wonder, beyond compare,  
Gardens that will fade rom china are in blossom here and there.  
A frame was built for spiritual repose so that, given  
To the eye another world, we with joy, having seen Heaven.  
The time of pilgrimage is past, the sun sets, we must part!  
We lived one day here at Atik -Valde, ravished to the heart.  
 
Visuals created with the poem Pilgrimage ; 
 
Figure 7  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
223 
 Figure 8  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
When Figure  7 and 8 are analysed, it is seen that they do not fully reflect the poem. 
Based on the word sycamore in the poem, a wooded area is seen in both images. But the poem 
is not only about trees.  
 
Silent Ship  
If there comes a time to raise anchor from time, one  day more,  
A ship will set out from this harbor toward an unknown shore.  
It makes way silently, as though it held no living soul;  
At that unrocking parting no hand waves as the lines unroll.  
Those watching from the wharf are all aching from this journey;  
Their eyes sting from holding the black horizon so firmly.  
Wretched hearts! What last ship leaving from the homeland is this?  
And what deep mourning for a life spent in exile is this?  
The loved and the lowing will wait in vain in the world here;  
They do not  know the belowed will never reappear.  
Each of the many who are going are happy they could spend  
A number of years here; the passengers never descend.  
 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
224 
 Visuals created with the poem Silent Ship;  
 
Figure 9  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
Figure 10  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
When Figure  9 and 10 are analysed, both of them have sea, waiting, ship and a 
pessimistic atmosphere in harmony with the content of the poem.  
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
225 
 Maltepe  
The sun bends thorugh the golden sea its gold color;  
It rekindles the fleets of how many czars  
As they plunge toward the edge of the world’s wide mirror!  
In the sky there are millions of strings hidden  
On which millions of hidden fingers play bars  
Of the last melancholy march of valor.  
The blue is muted untill all of it is strewn,  
While in the heavens there’s an increase of stars…  
As night fades, new phases correct its error.  
The wind spouts and bristles up the sea with mars  
Of froth as all along the coast the waves lick  
Maltepe’s feet with snarling catlike furor.  
 
We were not drunk  with this blue, this acstasy,  
Anough! It will pass as night will pass away;  
O heart, wait within me yet for dawn’s pallor!  
 
Visuals created with the poem Maltepe;  
 
Figure 11  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
226 
 Figure 12  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
When Figure  11 and 12 are analysed, it is seen that visuals suitable for the words sun, 
sea and navy are created. However, when the poem is analysed in general, the relevance of the 
visuals to the poem remains at a low level.  
 
Evening Music  
At Kandilli, in the ancient garden,  
As in evening’s traps, curtain after curtain,  
The flavor of memory is cought n grief’s burden.  
What further omens may wait than now there are?  
In a deserted road, the wind from far  
Frisks with leaves at the and of the calendar.  
As the sinki ng hours flow toward elsewhere,  
Gradually, gradually, in wisps, here and there,  
Stilmess hangs always frontward in the air.  
The hair often stands on end through fancy’s trick:  
Darkness entering each door as dusk grows thick,  
More than the sound of a known foot an the brick.  
Until the world spreads far away from view,  
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
227 
 From one thousand an done nights it falls to few,  
Dreams within dreams open up anew.  
 
Visuals created with the poem Evening Music;  
 
Figure 13  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
Figure 14   
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
228 
 When Figure 13 and 14 are analysed, it is seen that images related to dream, shivering, 
evening and silence are created.  
 
Night  
As Kandilli flowed through sleep’s first quarter,  
We dragged moonlight along in the water.  
We walked on silver the moon made glisten;  
We did not speak and we din not listen.  
The hills were spectral, dreamlike were the trees…  
Slopes stood stil in pools that listed no breeze…  
Time seemed to be locked with a year -round key  
Closed in music invisibility  
Our disap pearance fades where we have gone;  
Before it concludes, our dream is at dawn.  
 
Visuals created with the poem Night;  
 
Figure 15   
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
229 
 Figure 16  
Image Created with Dall.E  
 
 
When Figure 15 and 16 are analysed, it is seen that visuals are created with the words 
evening, sleep and dream.  
 
The Seasons  
Autmn’s strings begin to resound, then  
Far, far away, from afar again  
They break summer’s chords on sorrw’s profound music.  
The shore’s calls, cross the waves that wash from the sound, when  
Far, far away, from afar again,  
Melancholy moves with its vagabond music.  
Sadness from seas and mountains takes us with its trick.  
Let the clouds scatter, let the spring again grow thick,  
Let just -before -sunrise once more expound music.  
Before the growing -blue Bosphorus brings forth dawn,  
Let the Melody Maker, voice unsheathed, bow drawn,  
Stride the sky victorious with His earth -bound music.  
 
Visuals created with the poem The Seasons;  
 
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
230 
 Figure 17  
Image Created with Artbreeder  
 
 
Figure 18  
Image Created with Dall.  E 
 
 
When Figure  17 and 18 are analysed, it is seen that visual 17 is compatible with the 
poem, but 18 is not compatible with the poem.  
 
 
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
231 
 Discussion and Results  
 
 In Cem Say's book titled "Artificial intelligence in 50 questions?", he answered the 
question "Can a computer make art?" as follows: "If by making art, you mean producing art 
products such as painting, composition, poetry, etc., yes, it can..." (Say, 2018:  83). From this 
point of view, according to the findings of the study, artificial intelligence helps visual 
communication design professionals, experts and related fields. The creation of creative ideas 
in a short time saves users a great deal of time. Con sidering the possibility that the poems 
discussed will be visualised by a painter, this will take months, perhaps years, but with 
artificial intelligence, the result can be reached in minutes.  
Abdul -Rahman et. al. (2013) can be seen as the most comprehens ive study in this 
field. In this work, the experience of collaboration between computer scientists and literary 
scholars and design work on poetry visualisation is presented. Through this intensive 
collaboration, a rule -based solution is formulated to meet  the need for high -dimensional, 
multivariate visualisation of poems. In addition, a user interface is developed to support visual 
mapping tasks together with various layout algorithms. As can be seen, it is quite difficult to 
visualise a poem. However, wit h artificial intelligence, this process is completed in a very 
short time.  
Another study in this field was conducted by McCurdy et. al. (2015). This is a two -
year design study that investigates the role and impact of technology in the close reading of a 
poem by analysing the sound and language devices in poetry. The research results include 
problem characterisation and data abstraction regarding the use of sound in poetry, as well as 
a visualisation tool, the poem, for interactively exploring the sound topo logy of a poem. The 
study confirms the disruptive impact that technology can have on poetry research. However, 
the computational visualisation of poems shows that this interactivity can be exploited in rich 
ways. The results of the study by McCurdy et. al.  (2015) also indicate that visual and auditory 
enrichment of poetry will increase the impact on the reader. If this finding is considered in the 
context of the results of the study conducted by us, giving the poem with visuals will increase 
the effect on t he reader.  
Delmonte (2015) confirms the existence of an implicit relationship between the sound 
and meaning carried by the words that make up the poem. He also discusses how colours can 
be used appropriately to explain the basic attitude expressed in poetr y towards sadness or 
happiness. He assumes that the underlying emotion of a poem is closely related to the sounds  
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
232 
 conveyed by the words as well as the meanings. According to this information, the colours 
used in our study vary according to the general subj ect of the poem. While dark, black and its 
shades are used in poems with pessimistic words, bright and luminous colours are used in 
poems with optimistic words.  
As a result, artificial intelligence produced visuals suitable for this poem by obtaining 
visuals that emphasise the words time, torment, expatriation, loneliness and horizon used in 
the poem in Images 1 and 2. In Images 3 and 4, it can be said that it created images suitable 
for the theme of the poem. However, although visual 4 is related to t he theme of the poem, it 
does not fully fulfil the theme when the poem is considered as a whole. Because the elements 
that will meet the words sea and sky in the poem are not present in this visual. It cannot be 
said that the whole poem is visualised only with a blue sparkling background. Images 5 and 6 
are also compatible with the poem. Looking at Visual 7 and 8, it can be said that artificial 
intelligence cannot make sense of the theme. It can be said that visuals suitable for the theme 
of the poem were c reated in Images 9 and 10. There is a different situation in Visual 11 and 
12. In the poem written to Maltepe neighbourhood, which is a special place, it was determined 
that artificial intelligence could not create visuals related to special places at a su fficient level. 
It can be said that in visuals 13 and 14, as well as in visuals 15 and 16, artificial intelligence 
created visuals suitable for the theme of the poem. Visual 15 and 16; As a result, while visual 
17 is compatible with the poem, 18 is not. Fr om this point of view, to the question "How can 
an artificial intelligence application visualise poems?", it can be said that if the poems do not 
express special places and emotions but talk about more general topics, it can be said that it 
visualises at a  good level. Sub -problems;  
1. Are the visuals produced by artificial intelligence for Yahya Kemal's poems 
suitable for the theme and subject? To the question; it can be said that the 
visuals are generally sufficient to express the theme and subject, but it ca n 
be answered that they need to be improved.  
2. Do the visuals produced by artificial intelligence for Yahya Kemal's poems 
evoke poetry? The sub -problem can be answered yes in general.  
Another result of study is that artificial intelligence can produce visua ls suitable for 
the texts -although not completely -. In addition to the presence of images containing fantastic 
elements, it is also seen that with small details added to the images, colours and themes close 
to the places emphasised in the content and the emotions discussed are selected. Artificial 
intelligence is now being conceptualised just like an artist's brain, and this leads us to evaluate  
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
233 
 the concept of subjectivity, which is very important for today's art, on a controversial area 
(Ballı, 2020, p. 2 78). 
Another finding that stands out when we look at the visualisations is the production of 
original visuals. Even if they do not fully reflect the poem, it is clearly seen that the visuals 
are inspired by poems. When we look at the deepening debates on A rt and Artificial 
Intelligence (AI), Coeckelbergh argues that the products produced by artificial intelligence 
can be related to both art and objective and subjective criteria (Coeckelbergh, 2017: 290 cited 
in Ballı, 2020, p. 286). In the field of discussi on, the general idea is that if there are objective 
criteria that determine art, AI can be easily created to create products that meet the criteria. If 
whether or not a product can be considered "art" is based on a subjective judgement, it means 
that every thing, including products produced by AI, has a chance to be considered art. 
Therefore, the question "Can AI create art?" should be distinguished from "Can AI create 
good and valuable art?". Instead of asking whether AI -created products should be included in 
the traditional definition of art, it should be considered that AI -created products should be 
considered as works of art created by human artists. Because, in essence, the art teacher, 
programmer and software developer of AI is a human being and gives p roducts and outputs of 
artistic quality as much as they are taught and programmed. Of course, in addition to these 
discussions, the concept of creativity also has an important place (Ballı, 2020, p. 286).  
It can be said that the biggest difference of artis tic products produced with artificial 
intelligence from human art products is that they lack personal touch and emotional 
connection. However, with Duchamp's words "I don't believe in art, I believe in the artist", it 
would be appropriate to find a new dim ension to the concept of "artist", which is discussed in 
the history of art, and to foresee that this concept will be replaced by an algorithm that we can 
call "post -artist" in the future. If we remember the connection of the word 'art' with the word 
'artificial' in many languages, including Turkish, it is quite possible that the 'new -artists' to be 
produced by algorithm will conceptually fulfil this meaning. Thus, the concepts of "artist" and 
"work of art", which have been discussed almost since the beginn ing of modern art, evolve in 
a different direction and reveal new areas of questioning (Ballı, 2020, p. 286). It can be said 
that this is due to the fact that artificial intelligence repeats and combines existing styles with 
algorithm patterns. However, an other dimension that needs to be addressed here is that 
artificial intelligence reaches the result by combining some big data, work and operations that 
humans cannot do in seconds. Considering all these factors, it is concluded that it would be 
more meanin gful to produce works by utilising the functionality of artificial intelligence.   
International Journal of Textbooks and Education Materials , 6(2), 211-235.                                                          
 
234 
 Recommendati ons 
 
Images created by artificial intelligence can be used with poems. However, it cannot 
be said that the visuals fully reflect what the poem wants to express. Fo r this reason, it can be 
suggested that the use of artificial intelligence in the visualisation of poems should be carried 
out by experts.  
It can be suggested that the visuals created with artificial intelligence should be given 
next to the text of the po em to increase interest in the poem.  
It can be suggested to use the visuals created with artificial intelligence especially in 
poetry teaching. However, the issue to be considered here is that the visuals should be 
prepared by artificial intelligence expe rts and literature field experts and the appropriate ones 
should be used.  
 
References  
 
Abdul‐Rahman, A., Lein, J., Coles, K., Maguire, E., Meyer, M., Wynne, M., ... & Chen, M. 
(2013, June). Rule‐based visual mappings –with a case study on poetry visualization.  
In Computer Graphics Forum (Vol. 32, No. 3pt4, pp. 381 -390). Oxford, UK: 
Blackwell Publishing Ltd. https://doi.org/10.1111/cgf.12125  
Artut, S. (2019). Yapay zekâ olgusunun güncel sanat çalışmalarındaki açılımları, 
İnsan&İnsan , (6),22, 767 -783. 
Aydoğdu Çelik, M. ve Çelik, Y. (2023). İngiliz Romantik şiirinin yapay zekâ teknolojisiyle 
görselleştirilmesi. Humanitas,  11 (INCSOS VIII Özel Sayısı), 21 -36. 
Ballı, Ö. (2020). Yapay zekâ ve sanat uygulamaları üzerine güncel bir değerlendirme. Sanat 
ve Tasarım Dergisi , 277 -306. 
https://dergipark.org.tr/tr/pub/sanatvetasarim/issue/58750/848330  
Bostrom, N. (2018). Süper zekâ: Yapay zekâ uygulamaları, tehlikeler ve stratejiler . (F. B. 
Aydar, Çev.). İstanbul: Koç Üniversitesi Yayınları.  
Çelik, Y. (2022). Kurumsal iletişimde yapay zekâ kullanımı . H. Çiftçi ve H. Ö. Ilgın (Ed.) 
A’dan Z’ye iletişim çalışmaları -7 içinde (s. 91 -114). İksad Yayınevi.  
Delmonte, R. (2015, June). Visualizing poetry with SPARSAR –visual maps from poetic 
content . In Proceedings of the Fo urth Workshop on Computational Linguistics for 
Literature (pp. 68 -78).  
Karadoğan, A., & Uy umaz, F.  
 
 
235 
 Ergen, M. (2019). What is artificial intelligence? Technical considerations and future 
perception. The Anatolian Journal of Cardiology , 22(2), 5 -7. 
Kaya, İ. ve Engin, O. (2005). Kalite iyileştirme sürecinde yapay zekâ tekniklerinin kullanımı. 
Pamukkale Üniversitesi Mühendislik Bilimleri Dergisi , 11(1), 103 -114. 
Köse, U. (2018). Are we safe enough in the future of artificial intelligence? A discussion on 
machine ethics and artificial inte lligence safety. Broad Research in Artificial 
Intelligence and Neuroscience,  9(2), 184 -197. 
McCurdy, N., Lein, J., Coles, K., & Meyer, M. (2015). Poemage: Visualizing the sonic 
topology of a poem. IEEE transactions on visualization and computer graphics,  22(1), 
439-448. DOI: 10.1109/TVCG.2015.2467811  
Öztürk, D. (2020). Cumhuriyet şiirine yön veren şair: Yahya Kemal Beyatlı. Iğdır 
Üniversitesi Sosyal Bilimler Dergisi  (24), 147 -162. 
https://dergipark.org.tr/en/pub/igdirsosbilder/issue/66831/1045159  
Say, C. (1998). Akla Doğru. Cogito Yayınları , Sayı: 13.  
Yengin, D. (2022). Dijital hastalık olarak phantom vibration . A. Övür (Ed.) Dijital devrim 
içinde (s. 93 -108). Der Yayınları.  
 