INSIGHT
CORRESPONDING AUTHOR:
Bernard ScottLouth, Lincolnshire, UKbernces1@gmail.com
KEYWORDS:
Teaching; Learning; Education; Cybernetics
TO CITE THIS ARTICLE:
Scott, B. (2023). Review of Robert Martin’s book, Connect and Involve. Enacting Cybernetics, 1(1): 2, 1–6. DOI: https://doi.org/10.58695/ec.6Review of Robert 
Martin’s book, Connect and Involve
BERNARD SCOTT
ABSTRACT
A review of the book Connect and Involve: How to Connect with Students and 
Involve Them in Learning by Robert Martin. 180 pp. Rowman & Littlefield.2
Scott  
Enacting Cybernetics  
DOI: 10.58695/ec.6 The cybernetician, Gordon Pask, the creator of ‘conversation theory’ and one of the 
pioneers in developing adaptive teaching machines, often said that ‘teaching is the control of learning’ (Pask, 1960, 1975). For ‘control’, one could equivalently say 
‘facilitate’, ‘manage’ ‘foster’, ‘encourage’. He was one of the first theorists about the processes of education to bring cybernetic thinking into the classroom. Robert Martin, an educator and cybernetician, has written a book aimed at teachers to help them learn and perfect their craft. Martin’s book is, in fact, a handbook for acting with cybernetic awareness in any activity involving change management and governance, whether it is of oneself, other individuals, or whole organisations. It will be useful for anyone giving presentations and running workshops, whatever the topic addressed. It has broad application for anyone aspiring to be part of a learning community. (See, on this theme, Scott [2002].)
The book is written with exemplary clarity, both in terms of ‘local’ aspects (sentences, 
paragraphs) and of more ‘global’ structures (chapters, sections, and the book as a whole). The writing style is very user-friendly: it is very readable and avoids technical language, so much so that the only mentions of cybernetics explicitly are in the references, listed at the end of the book: Maturana and Varela (1992), Foerster and 
Poerksen (2002), Foerster (2014).
As another example of best practice in communication, Martin’s introduction provides 
‘advance organisers’, devices that prepare the reader for what is to come. Martin 
outlines six themes that will be addressed in the chapters that follow. I will list them 
here, briefly.
Theme one: Make small changes, small enough to eliminate any fear or anxiety in 
those being managed.
1 Put first things first. This requires forethought about the goals 
one wishes to accomplish, and prioritising tasks to be carried out.
Theme 2: Connect with students and involve them in learning. This means getting 
to know students personally and showing interest in them as individuals: learning about their interests and their strengths and weaknesses and helping them see what the lessons (changes in practice) offer. This conversation with the students should become an ongoing part of all interaction with them from then on.
Theme 3: Design one’s teaching based on key ideas and key skills.
Theme 4: Teach procedures. By this, Martin says one should identify lower-level, 
repetitive behaviours that can become automatic. This means they do not interfere with the process of learning high level concepts and skills.
Theme 5: Practice key skills. These may include writing, listening, speaking, describing, 
explaining, analysing, contrasting, organising and synthesising. Make conversation, with and between students, part of this practice. Involve students in the creation of presentations and demonstrations.
Theme 6: Encourage students and yourself by starting with low hanging fruit. Set 
tasks a little beyond current capabilities, to be carried out at a reasonable pace so there is a high expectation of success. This requires adapting to the performance of each individual student, increasing or decreasing the difficulty of tasks as necessary. Strategies for change should be simple, doable and measurable.
1 For a teacher, this will be the students for whom they are responsible. For a 
manager, this will be the community within an organisation, some of whom may be their 
subordinates, peers, or seniors in rank.3
Scott  
Enacting Cybernetics  
DOI: 10.58695/ec.6 The book has 12 chapters, each with recommended further reading and activities. 
The chapters contain a wealth of good advice and examples, including templates to 
help organise one’s practice.  Here, I try to give a sense what each chapter is about. 
Chapter 1. Act, observe, reflect, choose. Strategies provide direction; procedures specify 
action. Cognitive and behavioural aspects of change should both be considered. One 
may change one’s behaviour or change (reframe) one’s perception depending on how 
the situation presents itself.
Chapter 2. Connect through getting to know the students. Make it a goal to converse 
with and involve every student. Praise their strengths. Ask them to write or talk about 
their views of the subject being taught. Get to know the contexts in which they live, 
study or work: their neighbourhoods and communities. To have time to observe, one 
should over-prepare the lessons so the content does not take up too much of one’s 
attention. Be supportive, empathetic; provide supportive feedback. Carry out brief 
evaluations of progress to learn about the students. Do not put them under pressure.
Chapter 3. Connect through helping students make choices. In this chapter, Martin 
draws on Glasser’s choice theory (Glasser, 1999 ). Glasser identifies five basic needs: 
survival, belonging, power, fun, and freedom, that apply to both adults and children. 
Survival refers to the basic physiological needs for safety (security), food, and shelter. 
A student may be hungry; an adult may be worrying about her job security. If these 
needs are not met, engagement in learning is difficult to achieve. Belonging refers 
to the human need to feel part of a community, to be loved and respected by one’s 
peers, to be loved and respected by those in authority, to be loved and respected by 
those over whom one has responsibility. Power refers to the human need to feel in 
control of their own actions. Success in learning is empowering and motivating. Fun 
refers to enjoying what one is being asked to do. Success in learning is pleasurable. 
Freedom refers to building choice into the learning process. This gives the learner a 
sense of control over what is happening and can be both engaging and motivating. 
Students can be motivated to make good choices, if they are encouraged to ask the 
questions: What do I want? Is what I’m doing working? If not, what can I do about 
it and when? How did it work? Doing this adds to the student’s sense of agency and 
ability to self-regulate, to become a self-organised learner. (For more about self-
organised learning, see Harri-Augstein and Thomas [1991 ].)
Chapter 4. Design learning starting from the big ideas and key skills. This chapter is 
concerned with mapping the curriculum to prioritise the big ideas and skills and to be 
aware of how they are assessed. To do this effectively, one needs to identify students’ 
prior knowledge and skills. A ‘big idea’ is defined by Martin as a network of concepts, 
facts, and applications that constitute an understanding of that big idea. A key skill 
is what the learners expect to be able to do with a big content idea. For example, 
describe, explain, compare, organise, apply, synthesise, evaluate, make decisions. 
Chapter 5. Design lessons starting from the big content ideas and key skills. In this 
chapter, Martin emphasises that planning lessons is not just a listing of content and 
things to be done. Critically, it is about planning learning. Break goals down into short 
presentations followed by an activity of some kind and then have students talk, write, 
or apply what they have learned. This both embeds new content in a larger web of 
ideas and makes the new content memorable. Martin also recommends designing 
for ‘self-regulation skills’. By this, Martin means helping students understand and use 
different learning strategies and to monitor their effectiveness. Learning strategies 4
Scott  
Enacting Cybernetics  
DOI: 10.58695/ec.6 include creating overall descriptions of what is to be learned and then focusing on 
how to master specific topics. (See Scott, 1993 ).
Chapter 6. Use scoring guides to increase quality work. This chapter is concerned with 
using evaluation effectively. As Martin puts it:
If only the teacher uses the scoring guide, it may improve evaluation but 
it doesn’t necessarily improve learning. The real power of using scoring 
guides comes from having students use scoring guides to evaluate 
examples and their own work, especially if they are allowed to revise their 
work. (p. 57)
Chapter 7. Motivation Follows Action. In this chapter, Martin’s theme is that, “Motivation 
and learning are intertwined; the relationship is one of circularity. When we involve 
students in learning, they feel more motivated and connected. When students feel 
more motivated and connected, they are more willing to become involved” (p. 67).  
Martin goes on to say, “to get students motivated, get them to act.” This chapter 
focuses on quick and easy ways to induce action. Each of the remaining chapters 
goes into detail regarding specific topics: procedures to automate actions, practice 
and revision, team learning and practice, conversation, and presentations that involve 
students.
Chapter 8. Increase learning by teaching procedures. Martin advises that, “Effective 
learning is built on lower-level procedures that help learners focus on more complex 
tasks. Like all skills, procedures are best taught through modelling, practice, and 
monitoring” (p. 79). Martin defines procedures as follows, “a procedure is a schema—a 
set of behaviours that allows us to perform complex tasks that we do automatically 
and hardly ever think about (such as walk, run, type, write, read, and so on).
Chapter 9. Help students learn through practice and revision:
Practice needs to be meaningful, frequent, and focused; it needs to 
concentrate on what learners cannot yet do. Practice needs to be 
challenging without becoming discouraging—neither too difficult nor too 
easy. All this is a tall order, which is why as teachers we are continually 
learning how to design procedures that engage students in effective 
practice. (p. 89)
Chapter 10. Use teams to increase practice:
In well-managed team activities, students can increase both their skills 
and their understanding. Using team learning enables teachers to provide 
more practice time because students in small groups can be practicing 
skills simultaneously. Also, successfully managed team activities increase 
cooperation and community. This keeps students working, especially 
students from cultures who prefer cooperation over competition. (p. 101)
Chapter 11. Plan projects that use teams. Until students have enough practice, team 
learning can be less productive than you would like. The secret is to start with simple 
procedures and use them over and over until students can do them. Then, while 
continuing to use the first procedure, teach a new procedure and practice that until 
students can use it efficiently and productively.5
Scott  
Enacting Cybernetics  
DOI: 10.58695/ec.6 Chapter 12. Use conversation to increase learning and build community:
Having conversations is a theme that has run through the book…
Conversations build vocabulary, funds of knowledge, language skills, and the ability to think—all of which are necessary for building reading and writing skills. Especially when working with students who lack these skills at the level necessary to do well in your class, conversation is essential in building them. (p. 125)
Chapter 13. Involve students in your presentations. “When we present, we want 
students to pay attention and to actively process what we’re saying. Create 
involvement and accountability and you can achieve this. Direct instruction refers to a 
method of teacher-guided learning that uses presentation, practice, and assessment” 
(p. 135). “Paying attention to everything, reflecting on what we’ve observed, and then deciding what to do next is the road to learning to teach effectively” (p. 143).
Afterword:
Teaching and learning are all about details, and the details of learning are 
embodied in the procedures we and our students use. Procedures free us to pay attention to what is around us, to think, to have conversations, to be creative. Once we become aware that we live in a sea of procedures and that those procedures can be designed and redesigned, we have a powerful way of using the fruit of observation and conversation. (p. 147)
I have been involved with cybernetic practice for many years. I have also worked as a teacher, trainer and change agent in a variety of settings and at all levels of the education system in the UK. Reviewing Martin’s admirable book has been a great pleasure. It has also been a somewhat sad and salutary experience, as I have found myself thinking that, had I had access to the book earlier in my life, it would have saved me from many unfortunate experiences and would have helped me become 
a competent practitioner more quickly.  I t aught in three different schools in three 
years, prior to training as an educational psychologist. The hardest challenge for me was achieving and maintaining good discipline in class. There was no advice about that when I was doing teacher training. One colleague told me I should not smile for the first six months! In retrospect, I wish I had spent more time getting to know my students.
COMPETING INTERESTS
The author has no competing interests to declare.
AUTHOR AFFILIATION
Bernard Scott 
Louth, Lincolnshire, UK
REFERENCES
Foerster, H. von. (2014). The Beginning of Heaven and Earth Has No Name: Seven 
Days with Second-Order Cybernetics (A. Muller & K. H. Muller, Eds.; & E. Rooks & 
M. Kasenbacher, Trans.). Fordham University Press.6
Scott  
Enacting Cybernetics  
DOI: 10.58695/ec.6
TO CITE THIS ARTICLE:
Scott, B. (2023). Review 
of Robert Martin’s book, Connect and Involve. Enacting Cybernetics, 1(1): 2, 1–6. DOI: https://doi.org/10.58695/ec.6
Submitted: 08 April 2023 
Accepted: 08 April 2023 Published: 17 April 2023
COPYRIGHT:
© 2023 The Author(s). This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC-BY 4.0), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. See http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/.
Enacting Cybernetics is a 
peer-reviewed open access journal published by The Cybernetics Society.Foerster, H. von, & Poerksen, B. (2002). Understanding Systems: Conversations on 
Epistemology and Ethics (K. Leube, Trans.). Kluwer Academic; Plenum.
Glasser, W. (1999). Choice theory: A new psychology of personal freedom. Harper 
Perennial.
Harri-Augstein, S., & Thomas L. F. (1991). Learning Conversations. Routledge.
Maturana, H. R., & Varela, F. J. (1992). The Tree of Knowledge: The Biological Roots of 
Human Understanding (Rev. ed.). Shambhala.
Pask, G. (1960). An Approach to Cybernetics. Hutchinson.Pask, G. (1975). Conversation, Cognition and Learning: A Cybernetic Theory and 
Methodology. Elsevier.
Scott, B. (1993). Working with Gordon: developing and applying conversation theory 
(1968–1978). Systems Research, 10(3), 167–182. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1002/sres.3850100321
Scott, B. (2002). A design for the recursive construction of learning 
communities. Int. Rev. Sociology. 12(2), 257–268. DOI: https://doi.org/10.1080/0390670022000012486