Lecture Notes in Computer Science 14415
Founding Editors
Gerhard Goos
Juris Hartmanis
Editorial Board Members
Elisa Bertino, Purdue University, West Lafayette, IN, USA
Wen Gao, Peking University, Beijing, China
Bernhard Steffen ,TU Dortmund University, Dortmund, Germany
Moti Y ung ,Columbia University, New York, NY, USAThe series Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS), including its subseries Lecture
Notes in Artiﬁcial Intelligence (LNAI) and Lecture Notes in Bioinformatics (LNBI),
has established itself as a medium for the publication of new developments in computer
science and information technology research, teaching, and education.
LNCS enjoys close cooperation with the computer science R & D community, the
series counts many renowned academics among its volume editors and paper authors, and
collaborates with prestigious societies. Its mission is to serve this international commu-nity by providing an invaluable service, mainly focused on the publication of conference
and workshop proceedings and postproceedings. LNCS commenced publication in 1973.Paolo Arcaini · Tao Y ue · Erik M. Fredericks
Editors
Search-Based
Software Engineering
15th International Symposium, SSBSE 2023
San Francisco, CA, USA, December 8, 2023ProceedingsEditors
Paolo Arcaini
National Institute of Informatics
Tokyo, Japan
Erik M. Fredericks
Grand V alley State University
Allendale, MI, USATao Yue
Beihang University
Beijing, China
ISSN 0302-9743 ISSN 1611-3349 (electronic)
Lecture Notes in Computer Science
ISBN 978-3-031-48795-8 ISBN 978-3-031-48796-5 (eBook)https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-031-48796-5
© The Editor(s) (if applicable) and The Author(s), under exclusive license
to Springer Nature Switzerland AG 2024
This work is subject to copyright. All rights are reserved by the Publisher, whether the whole or part of
the material is concerned, speciﬁcally the rights of translation, reprinting, reuse of illustrations, recitation,broadcasting, reproduction on microﬁlms or in any other physical way, and transmission or informationstorage and retrieval, electronic adaptation, computer software, or by similar or dissimilar methodology now
known or hereafter developed.
The use of general descriptive names, registered names, trademarks, service marks, etc. in this publicationdoes not imply, even in the absence of a speciﬁc statement, that such names are exempt from the relevant
protective laws and regulations and therefore free for general use.
The publisher, the authors, and the editors are safe to assume that the advice and information in this bookare believed to be true and accurate at the date of publication. Neither the publisher nor the authors or theeditors give a warranty, expressed or implied, with respect to the material contained herein or for any errors
or omissions that may have been made. The publisher remains neutral with regard to jurisdictional claims in
published maps and institutional afﬁliations.
This Springer imprint is published by the registered company Springer Nature Switzerland AG
The registered company address is: Gewerbestrasse 11, 6330 Cham, Switzerland
Paper in this product is recyclable.Preface
Message from the General Chair
We are very excited to bring you the proceedings of the 15th edition of the International
Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering (SSBSE 2023). SSBSE is a premier
event for all who are interested in the intersection of search optimization and difﬁcult
software engineering problems spanning numerous domains. This year SSBSE was held
as a hybrid event; physically located in San Francisco, California, USA and remote forthose that were unable to attend in person. We continue to be co-located with ESEC/FSE
and are grateful for their support of our symposium.
Thank you to Tao Y ue and Paolo Arcaini for putting together an exciting research
track program; without your constant feedback and support planning this event would
have been extremely difﬁcult! I would also like to thank the track chairs for their hard
work supporting SSBSE as well: Rebecca Moussa and Thomas V ogel (Hot Off the Presstrack), Gregory Gay and Max Hort (RENE/NIER track), and Bobby Bruce, José Miguel
Rojas, and V ali Tawosi (Challenge track). I would also like to thank Alexander Lalejini
for his work on the SSBSE website and Emeralda Sesari for her work on publicizing ourevent. Many thanks to our multiple Program Committees as well for their tireless work
on reviewing papers and suggesting improvements and to our Steering Committee for
continuing to oversee and support this event.
V ery special thanks to our sponsor, Grand V alley State University. I would also like
to thank Satish Chandra from Google for his support as the general chair of ESEC/FSE
2023, as well as Federica Sarro at University College London as a point of contact in the
Steering Committee for continuing support whenever an issue arose that I did not have
an answer for.
I enjoyed seeing you all at SSBSE 2023 and hope you enjoyed the program!
December 2023 Erik FredericksMessage from the Program Chairs
Speaking for the SSBSE 2023 Program Committee, we are delighted to introduce the pro-
ceedings of the 15th International Symposium on Search-Based Software Engineering.
Search-Based Software Engineering (SBSE) focuses on formulating various optimiza-tion problems in software engineering as search problems and then addressing them
with search techniques, intending to automate complex software engineering tasks. A
wide class of software engineering challenges can be formulated into SBSE problems,including test optimization, design and code refactoring, software/system development
process optimization, and many more, which have been addressed with various search
techniques. The community continuously advances the ﬁeld by identifying, formulating,
and solving new challenges such as searching for critical driving scenarios for testing
autonomous vehicles, optimizing the energy consumption of software applications, andautomating hyperparameter tuning of machine learning models.
SSBSE 2023 upheld the longstanding tradition of SSBSE by gathering the SBSE
community yearly to share and discuss advancements in the ﬁeld. This year, we wel-comed submissions showcasing innovative contributions across all SBSE domains.
Speciﬁcally, we received 13 submissions to the main Research track, four to the Repli-
cations and Negative Results (RENE)/New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) track,six to the SBSE Challenge track, and two to the Hot Off the Press (HOP) track. Each
valid submission to the Research track were double-blind reviewed by at least three PC
members and, eventually, six papers were accepted. For the RENE/NIER track, threepapers were accepted. For the SBSE Challenge track, ﬁve papers were accepted. The
HOP track accepted two papers.
December 2023 Paolo Arcaini
Tao YueOrganization
General Chair
Erik Fredericks Grand V alley State University, USA
Research Track Chairs
Paolo Arcaini National Institute of Informatics, Japan
Tao Y ue Beihang University, China
Hot Off the Press Track Chairs
Rebecca Moussa University College London, UKThomas V ogel Humboldt-Universtität zu Berlin, Germany
RENE/NIER Track Chairs
Gregory Gay Chalmers—University of Gothenburg, SwedenMax Hort Simula Research Laboratory, Norway
Challenge Track Chairs
Bobby Bruce University of California at Davis, USAJosé Miguel Rojas University of Shefﬁeld, UKV ali Tawosi J. P . Morgan AI Research, UK
Publicity Chair
Emeralda Sesari University of Groningen, The Netherlandsx Organization
Web Chair
Alexander Lalejini Grand V alley State University, USA
Steering Committee
Shaukat Ali Simula Research Laboratory and Oslo
Metropolitan University, Norway
Andrea Arcuri Kristiania University College and Oslo
Metropolitan University, Norway
Giovani Guizzo University College London, UKGordon Fraser University of Passau, GermanyPhil McMinn University of Shefﬁeld, UKJustyna Petke University College London, UKFederica Sarro University College London, UKSilva Regina V ergilio Federal University of Paraná, BrazilShin Y oo KAIST, Republic of Korea
Research Track Committee
Paolo Arcaini (Chair) National Institute of Informatics, JapanTao Y ue (Chair) Beihang University, ChinaShaukat Ali Simula Research Laboratory and Oslo
Metropolitan University, Norway
Andrea Arcuri Kristiania University College and Oslo
Metropolitan University, Norway
Aitor Arrieta Mondragon University, SpainMarcio Barros Universidade Federal do Estado do Rio de
Janeiro, Brazil
Matteo Biagiola Università della Svizzera Italiana, ItalyBetty H. C. Cheng Michigan State University, USAPouria Derakhshanfar JetBrains Research, The Netherlands
Xavier Devroey University of Namur, Belgium
Thiago Ferreira University of Michigan - Flint, USAGordon Fraser University of Passau, GermanyAlessio Gambi IMC University of Applied Sciences Krems,
Austria
Gregory Gay Chalmers—University of Gothenburg, SwedenLars Grunske Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin, GermanyHadi Hemmati Y ork University, CanadaOrganization xi
Fuyuki Ishikawa National Institute of Informatics, Japan
Fitsum Kifetew Fondazione Bruno Kessler, ItalyThelma Elita State University of Maringá, BrazilColanzi Lopez .Phil McMinn University of Shefﬁeld, UKInmaculada Medina-Bulo Universidad de Cádiz, SpainLeandro Minku University of Birmingham, UKManuel Núñez Universidad Complutense de Madrid, SpainAnnibale Panichella Delft University of Technology, The NetherlandsVincenzo Riccio University of Udine, ItalyJosé Miguel Rojas University of Shefﬁeld, UKFederica Sarro University College London, UKJeongju Sohn University of Luxembourg, LuxembourgV alerio Terragni University of Auckland, New ZealandSilva Regina V ergilio Federal University of Paraná, Brazil
Thomas V ogel Humboldt-Universtität zu Berlin, Germany
Man Zhang Kristiania University College, Norway
RENE/NIER Track Committee
Gregory Gay (Chair) Chalmers—University of Gothenburg, SwedenMax Hort (Chair) Simula Research Laboratory, NorwayGabin An KAIST, Republic of KoreaMarcio Barros UNIRIO, BrazilCarlos Cetina San Jorge University, SpainMichael C. Gerten Iowa State University, USAEmanuele Iannone University of Salerno, ItalyBruno Lima University of Porto and INESC TEC, PortugalRuchika Malhotra Delhi Technological University, IndiaPasqualina Potena RISE Research Institutes of Sweden AB, SwedenJosé Raúl Romero University of Cordoba, SpainJeongju Sohn University of Luxembourg, LuxembourgAndrea Stocco Technical University of Munich & fortiss,
Germany
Fiorella Zampetti University of Sannio, Italy
Challenge Track Committee
Bobby Bruce (Chair) University of California at Davis, USAJosé Miguel Rojas (Chair) University of Shefﬁeld, UKxii Organization
V ali Tawosi (Chair) J. P . Morgan AI Research, UK
Wesley Assunção North Carolina State University, USAKate M. Bowers Oakland University, USAJosé Campos University of Porto, PortugalTao Chen University of Birmingham, UKThelma Elita State University of Maringá, BrazilColanzi Lopez .Gregory Kapfhammer Allegheny College, USAStephan Lukasczyk University of Passau, GermanyInmaculada Medina-Bulo Universidad de Cádiz, SpainRebecca Moussa University College London, UKSebastian Schweikl University of Passau, GermanyKeynotesSearch-Based Software Engineering
for Learning-Enabled Self-Adaptive Systems
Betty H. C. Cheng
Michigan State University, USA
Abstract. Trustworthy artiﬁcial intelligence (Trusted AI) is essential
when autonomous, safety-critical systems use learning-enabled compo-
nents (LECs) in uncertain environments. When reliant on deep learning,these learning-enabled systems (LES) must address the reliability, inter-
pretability, and robustness (collectively, the assurance) of learning mod-
els. Three types of uncertainty most signiﬁcantly affect assurance. First,uncertainty about the physical environment can cause suboptimal, and
sometimes catastrophic, results as the system struggles to adapt to unan-
ticipated or poorly understood environmental conditions. For example,when lane markings are occluded (either on the camera and/or the physi-
cal lanes), lane management functionality can be critically compromised.
Second, uncertainty in the cyber environment can create unexpected andadverse consequences, including not only performance impacts (net-
work load, real-time responses, etc.) but also potential threats or overt
(cybersecurity) attacks. Third, uncertainty can exist with the compo-
nents themselves and affect how they interact upon reconﬁguration. Left
unchecked, this may cause unexpected and unwanted feature interactions.While learning-enabled technologies have made great strides in address-
ing uncertainty, challenges remain in addressing the assurance of such
systems when encountering uncertainty not addressed in training data.Furthermore, we need to consider LESs as ﬁrst-class software-based
systems that should be rigorously developed, veriﬁed, and maintained
(i.e., software engineered). In addition to developing speciﬁc strategiesto address these concerns, appropriate software architectures are needed
to coordinate LECs and ensure they deliver acceptable behavior even
under uncertain conditions. To this end, this presentation overviews anumber of our multi-disciplinary research projects involving industrial
collaborators, which collectively support a search-based software engi-
neering, model-based approach to address Trusted AI and provide assur-ance for learning-enabled systems (i.e., SBSE4LES). In addition to shar-
ing lessons learned from more than two decades of research addressing
assurance for (learning-enabled) self-adaptive systems operating under a
range of uncertainty, near-term and longer-term research challenges for
addressing assurance of LESs will be overviewed.SSBSE Summary of .NET/C# Instrumentation
for Search-Based Software T esting
Amid Golmohammadi1, Man Zhang1, and Andrea Arcuri1,2
1Kristiania University College, Norway, Norway
{amid.golmohammadi,man.zhang,andrea.arcuri}@kristiania.no
2Oslo Metropolitan University, Norway
Abstract. C# is a widely used programming language. However, to the
best of our knowledge, there is no documented work on enabling Search-
Based Software Testing methods for C# and .NET applications. This
paper introduces a white-box testing approach and an open-source tool
for C# applications that collects code coverage information in real-time
via .NET bytecode instrumentation. The method improves the search’sdirection by using Branch Distance heuristics. The tool was evaluated on
three .NET RESTful APIs after being integrated into the EvoMaster test
generator. Results show that our strategy achieves signiﬁcantly highercode coverage than grey-box testing tools.
Keywords: .NET instrumentation · SBST · REST APIs
Summary
This paper provides a summary of [3].
We have used the Mono.Cecil library to implement instrumentation for .NET
programs, allowing analysis and modiﬁcation of CIL code. This works ofﬂine with
.NET libraries compiled as DLLs. Integration with SBST techniques is essential for
generating tests. Our experiments leverage E voMaster [2], which produces system-
level tests for RESTful APIs. E voMaster has two main components: a core process
and a driver, facilitating instrumentation and interaction through RESTful APIs. This
instrumentation takes place via a .NET Core console application. To utilize E voMaster ,
we created a C# driver mirroring the existing JVM driver’s endpoints. The core, written
in Kotlin, was adapted to include C# output, enabling the generation of test cases as
HTTP call sequences based on xUnit.
.NET programs consist of assemblies with classes containing methods. E voMaster
is designed to optimize test case creation, maximizing coverage of these methods’ tar-
gets. For tracking coverage, EnteringStatement andCompletedStatement
probes are inserted before and after each statement. These probes, essentially calls to
This project has received funding from the European Research Council (ERC) under the European
Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme (grant agreement No 864972).xviii A. Golmohammadi et al.
static methods in a console application developed to support the instrumentation, use
parameters like class name and line number to uniquely identify statements. Cover-
age is measured heuristically between 0 (not covered) and 1 (fully covered). While
EnteringStatement marks a statement’s start, its error-free execution is conﬁrmed
byCompletedStatement . Inserting these probes presents challenges, especially
with control-altering instructions such as jump or exit instructions (i.e., br,throw ,
rethrow ,endfinally ,leave andret ).
During the search, calculating branch distances for both numeric and string values are
vital as they can provide gradient to the search algorithm to solve constraints. Numeric
branch instructions are categorized into three types: one-arg jump ,two-arg compare ,
andtwo-arg jump . One-arg jumps decide control ﬂow based on a single value, while
two-arg compare instructions compare two values and push the result (i.e., either 0 or
1) back on the evaluation stack, and two-arg jumps combine both. Calculating numericbranch distance involves challenges like duplication of values on the stack, using byte-
code method replacements, and detecting speciﬁc data types. For string branch distances,
boolean-returning operators and methods within System.String class are identiﬁed
and replaced with probes to calculate the distance while retaining original functional-
ity. The entire process ensures better test coverage and represents an intricate part of
understanding how a system’s control ﬂow works, enhancing overall software reliability.
Our team assessed the efﬁcacy of our approach by integrating bytecode instrumenta-
tion and branch distance-based heuristics into E voMaster , calling it E voMaster
.NET .
Utilizing default settings, we contrasted it with a grey-box testing approach on three
.NET REST APIs (i.e., rest-ncs ,rest-scs , andmenu-api ) from EMB repos-
itory [1]. The ﬁndings revealed substantial improvements in the numerical and stringproblems (i.e., rest-ncs andrest-scs , respectively) up to 98% and 86% line cov-
erage respectively compared to the grey-box approach, but equivalent results for the
menu-api . The enhanced performance illustrates our method’s ability to resolve the
majority of numeric and string branches. However, for the menu-api , which involves
working with a database, the performance was not enhanced, signifying the necessity
for SQL database-speciﬁc adaptations.
References
1. Arcuri, A., et al.: EMB: a curated corpus of web/enterprise applications and library
support for software testing research. IEEE (2023)
2. Arcuri, A., Galeotti, J.P ., Marculescu, B., Zhang, M.: EvoMaster: a search-based system
test generation tool. J. Open Source Softw. 6(57), 2153 (2021)
3. Golmohammadi, A., Zhang, M., Arcuri, A.: .NET/C# instrumentation for search-based
software testing. Softw. Qual. J. 1–27 (2023)Contents
Research Track
Generating Android Tests Using Novelty Search . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3
Michael Auer, Michael Pusl, and Gordon Fraser
Expound: A Black-Box Approach for Generating Diversity-Driven Adversarial
E x a m p l e s ............................................................... 1 9
Kenneth H. Chan and Betty H. C. Cheng
Developer Views on Software Carbon Footprint and Its Potential for Automated
Reduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
Haozhou Lyu, Gregory Gay, and Maiko Sakamoto
Search-Based Mock Generation of External Web Service Interactions . . . . . . . . . . . . 52
Susruthan Seran, Man Zhang, and Andrea Arcuri
Exploring Genetic Improvement of the Carbon Footprint of Web Pages . . . . . . . . . . . 67
Haozhou Lyu, Gregory Gay, and Maiko Sakamoto
A Novel Mutation Operator for Search-Based Test Case Selection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 84
Aitor Arrieta and Miren Illarramendi
RENE/NIER Track
Multi-objective Black-Box Test Case Prioritization Based
on Wordnet Distances . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 101
Imara van Dinten, Andy Zaidman, and Annibale Panichella
On the Impact of Tool Evolution and Case Study Size on SBSE Experiments:
AR e p l i c a t e dS t u d yw i t hE v o M a s t e r ......................................... 1 0 8
Amid Golmohammadi, Man Zhang, and Andrea Arcuri
Search-Based Optimisation of LLM Learning Shots for Story Point Estimation . . . . 123
Vali Tawosi, Salwa Alamir, and Xiaomo Liuxx Contents
Challenge Track
StableY olo: Optimizing Image Generation for Large Language Models . . . . . . . . . . . 133
Harel Berger, Aidan Dakhama, Zishuo Ding, Karine Even-Mendoza,David Kelly, Hector Menendez, Rebecca Moussa, and Federica Sarro
Improving the Readability of Generated Tests Using GPT-4 and ChatGPT Code
I n t e r p r e t e r ............................................................... 1 4 0
Gregory Gay
Evaluating Explanations for Software Patches Generated by Large Language
Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 147
Dominik Sobania, Alina Geiger, James Callan, Alexander Brownlee,Carol Hanna, Rebecca Moussa, Mar Zamorano López, Justyna Petke,
and Federica Sarro
Enhancing Genetic Improvement Mutations Using Large Language Models . . . . . . . 153
Alexander E. I. Brownlee, James Callan, Karine Even-Mendoza, Alina Geiger,
Carol Hanna, Justyna Petke, Federica Sarro, and Dominik Sobania
SearchGEM5: Towards Reliable Gem5 with Search Based Software Testing
and Large Language Models . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 160
Aidan Dakhama, Karine Even-Mendoza, W.B. Langdon, Hector Menendez,
and Justyna Petke
Author Index ............................................................ 1 6 7