Robotics: Science and Systems 2023
Daegu, Republic of Korea, July 10-July 14, 2023
11
ROSE : Rotation-based Squeezing Robotic Gripper
toward Universal Handling of Objects
Son Tien Bui1, Shinya Kawano2, and Van Anh Ho3
Soft Haptics Lab, Japan Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (JAIST)
Email: van-ho@jaist.ac.jp
Abstract —Robotics hand/grippers nowadays are not limited to
manufacturing lines; instead, they are widely utilized in cluttered
environments, such as restaurants, farms, and warehouses. In
such scenarios, they need to deal with high uncertainty of
the grasped objects’ shapes, postures, surfaces, and material
properties, which requires complex integration of sensing and
decision-making process. On the other hand, integrating soft
materials into the gripper’s design may tolerate the above
uncertainties and reduce complexity in control. In this paper,
we introduce ROSE , a novel soft gripper that can embrace the
object and squeeze it by buckling a funnel-liked thin-walled soft
membrane around the object by simple rotation of the base.
Thanks to this design, ROSE hand can adapt to a wide range
of objects that can fit in the funnel and handle with gentle
gripping force. Regardless of this, ROSE can generate a high
lift force (up to 33 kgf) while significantly reducing the normal
pressure on the gripped objects. In our experiment, a 198 g
ROSE can be integrated into a robot arm with a single actuation
and successfully lift various types of objects, even after 400,000
trials. The embracing mechanism helps reduce the dependence
of friction between the object and the membrane, as ROSE could
pick up a chicken egg submerged inside an olive oil tank. We
also report a feasible design for equipping the ROSE hand with
tactile sensing while appealing to the scalability of the design to
fit a wide range of objects.
Video: https://youtu.be/E1wAI09LaoY
I. I NTRODUCTION
Robots have contributed to increasing manufacturing pro-
ductivity and reducing risks for humans in operation in
harsh environments. One of the most popular tasks is grasp-
ing/manipulation, which results in a great deal of research re-
lated to the development of robotic hand/grippers with various
mechanisms. Since human hands and other similar organs of
nature are dexterous in manipulation while adaptive enough
to a wide range of grasped objects; robotics research tends to
mimic both structural and functional, even sensing/perception,
to design of robotic hands/grippers.
Owing to the integration of soft materials, soft grippers
increasingly resemble nature’s structures. They enable gentle
touch, high customizability, and dynamic adaptation to various
objects. Inspired by nature, soft grippers often mimic gripping
biological mechanisms such as the human hand (fingers and
palm [1]-[2]), locking forms of plans (Venus flytrap [3]) or
1Bui is with Hanoi University of Industry from April 1st, 2023, Email:
sonbt@haui.edu.vn
2Kawano is with Mitsubishi Electrics Corp. from April 1st, 2023, Email:
kawano.shinya.serious@gmail.com
3Ho is also with Japan Science and Technology Agency, PRESTO,
Kawaguchi Saitama 332-0012 Japan.
Fig. 1: From right to left, top to bottom: ROSE gripper on
a robot arm picking a coffee can, and a peeled chicken egg
submerged inside an olive oil container. The maximum lifting
force that ROSE can endure is 328.7 N.
animals (octopus tentacles [2, 4], elephant trunks [5, 6], bird
perching [7]). In addition, the opening-closing mechanisms of
flower petals also inspired the design of soft grippers [8, 9].
Most soft robotics hand attempt to squeeze the object to create
a large-area contact to increase the stability of the grasping
action. Compared to robotic caging [10] using rigid fingered
hands that may pose complexity in maintaining contacts, soft
robotic hands could embrace objects without implementing
complicated control algorithms [11], thanks to their flexibility
and deformability. On top of that, the durability of a soft
robotic is of great concern which may prevent a wide usage
in actual scenarios [12].
In this paper, we present ROSE (ROtation-based Squeezing
gripp Er). The design took the hint from the blooming states
of a rose, promising gentle gripping ability while maintaining
the embracement, toward universal handling of objects (see
Figure 1). The design of ROSE is simple, whose initial shape
resembles a ferrule sleeve, yet yielding high gripping force
(up to 33 kgf), as well as a payload-to-weight ratio (about
6812% for the gripper alone). With a single rotation, ROSE
can squeeze most object that falls inside the region bounded by
the ferrule sleeve. The simplicity of mechanical design allows
high scalability, ease of fabrication, and high durability. The2
grippers could endure up to 400,000 open-close trials, which
promises productivity usage in actual cases.
The paper includes section III for explaining the design
idea and fabrication process of the novel soft robotic gripper,
followed by a modeling approach for estimation of applied
pressure on the gripped objects in section IV. In section V,
we report the payload experiment, as well as the durability
test, with the preliminary elaboration of the sensing ability,
follows by the results in section VI. Last but not least, section
VII states discussions on the limitation of the proposed hand,
the model, and tactile sensing, followed by future work.
II. R ELATED WORKS
Since soft robot hands/grippers are inherently different from
rigid ones, in this investigation, we focus on the elaboration
of the design and function of two main groups as follows:
A. Fingered Soft Grippers
Similar to rigid-fingered robotic hands, designs of soft
robotic hands also attempt to mimic the structure and function
of human hands. Several designs were commercialized1, while
some challenges in dexterity and durability remained. Liu et al.
[13] introduces a two-fingered gripper that could grasp objects
of different shapes and sizes, from small to fragile ones.
A three-fingered gripper with an active palm, proposed by
Pagoli et al. [14], could conduct in-hand manipulation such as
rotating a Rubik’s cube. Recently, a four-fingered gripper for
caging and lifting various objects was introduced in [15]. Other
approaches focused on increasing the gripping function of the
fingered hand in specific scenarios. For example, micropat-
terned pads were deposited to the fingertip’s surface of a two-
finger gripper developed in [16] could enhance wet adhesion
in gripping wet and deformable objects such as tofu. Despite
the difference in structure, these grippers required pneumatic
systems with extra valves and sensors, which are not always
convenient to set up. In addition, such a fingered hand needs to
adjust its posture w.r.t. location and orientation of the objects
precisely, resulting in complications in perception and control
systems. Last but not least, the normal force applied to the
object’s surface of the soft finger is inherently low, which
may fall outside the friction cone, resulting in instability in
grasping and manipulation.
B. Large Contact-based Soft Grippers
Thanks to their deformability, soft structures tend to make
large-area contact with the object, thus increasing the stability
of grasping. A typical design is a tube-shaped gripper with a
negative air support system that generates centripetal force
to grip an object [17, 18, 19, 20, 21]. As a result of the
symmetrical design, these grippers could grasp stably various
objects while offering a high payload-to-weigh ratio of up
to 120 [17]. However, these grippers fail to grasp unsuitable
objects such as lying bars or oversize spherical where they
cannot be ”trapped” inside. Likewise, the unstable shrinkage
of the origami structure leads to the change of grasped
1https://www.softroboticsinc.com/objects’ posture, which frustrates robotic manipulation like the
assembly task [17].
One method for increasing the contact area is the jamming
structure [22, 23, 24], which is only applicable to the soft
gripper. Here, the negative pneumatic helps the particles inter-
lock thus increasing its stiffness and the gripping force to the
object’s surface, which significantly reduces the complexity
of the gripper’s structure and related control regime. Never-
theless, if the soft membranes get torn, the gripper becomes
unfunctional. Additionally, this jamming principle requires
these grippers to press against the object, which might damage
fragile ones (such as fruit or food products).
Other grippers combine the ideas of large contact-area to
finger designs [25, 26] or using special principles such as
wrapping [11] or rolling [5, 6]. Despite the grasping successes,
the durability, the in-hand manipulation, and the working
ability in cluttered environments of these novel designs remain
challenging.
C. Expected Contributions
Taking into account the above limitations of current devel-
opment, we propose a novel design of a soft robotic hand
that can embrace and grip firmly any object that falls into
the gripping region with one rotation. The gripper can accom-
modate uncertainties of the object’s location and orientation
while providing gentle touch with high friction to the object.
The developed hand was tested with 400,000 trials without
failing the gripping function. The main contributions of this
paper are as follows:
1) Proposal of a design and a feasible fabrication method
of ROSE, a soft gripper with rotation-based buckling
structure.
2) Proposal of simplified models for investigating applied
pressure on the object upon squeezing by the ROSE
gripper.
3) Proposal of contact perception of ROSE gripper using
vision-based tactile sensing technique.
III. D ESIGN AND FABRICATION
A. Idea
ROSE gripper’s outer shape during operation is resemble
to a fully bloomed rose, while the closing state has a shape
similar to a sleeping rose (in dormancy), even though there is
no explicit mimicking here. If any object falls in the region
bounded by the petal, under a twist/rotation-action, ROSE
hand can embrace and grip it safely (see illustration in Fig.
2a). In such a scenario, ROSE shares a close working principle
with traditional granular jamming gripper since the object
is covered by a membrane (soft skin) and held by normal
pressure. With this idea, the close/open operation of the hand
is implemented by a chain of complex buckling deformation
of a membrane under a twist action. They can be divided
into three steps: Approaching, Lifting, and Holding. First,
ROSE approaches the object (see Figure 2a) and makes sure
the object is within the petal. Next, the central cylindrical
base rotates at a rotational speed ωgleading to the buckling3
Blooming ROSE Sleeping ROSE Closing ROSE
(a) the Approaching
Blooming ROSE Sleeping ROSE Closing ROSE (b) the Lifting
Blooming ROSE Sleeping ROSE Closing ROSE (c) the Holding
Fig. 2: ROSE’s gripping process through three main steps:
approaching, lifting, and holding an object at the heights of 0,
∆l, and ∆g, respectively.
of the skin, gradually embracing the object (see Figure 2b).
When the base keeps rotating, it increases the contact area
and the applied pressure on the object’s surface. Therefore,
the generated gripping force on the object’s surface would
grow, which in turn helps ROSE squeeze the object firmly
(see Figure 2c). Note that the rotational angles of steps 2 and
3 could be adjusted to adapt to the gripping objects’ size,
shape, and weight.
B. Design
Instead of proposing a multi-layered structure consisting of
separated petals stitched together [8, 9], we simplified the idea
with a symmetrical design and aimed to bring ROSE gripper
with vision-based contact sensing in a complete structure.
Details of the ROSE’s design can be seen in Figure 3a, in
which the skin(1) continuously connects the outer ring of
the lower base (6) and the center of the upper base (4),
designed to avoid concentrated tension at the rotational axis
by a transitioning curve. In addition, the air tube (2) is used
to let the air go through, while the bottom of ROSE’s skin
has a circular-rim shape and is sandwiched by the upper
base (4) and the lower base (6) through four bolts (7). This
sandwich structure also creates space so that cylinder (5) (fixed
to the core of the skin by silicone) can rotate stably at the
center of the gripper. The cylinder has a free end that can be
assembled with a motor for twist transferring. The inside hole
of this cylinder is customized using a square key structure
to avoid slipping the skin’s silicone axis during rotation. The
upper base (6) has three holders to mount additional cameras
(3) for vision-based tactile sensing. This design is highly
customizable since users may change the actuator according
to the working conditions. In this study, we used an external
motor and took advantage of the rotation of the Universal
Robot robot arm UR52(Teradyne Inc., Denmark) to design
different versions of ROSE (see Figure 3b).
2https://www.universal-robots.com/C. Fabrication
In our prototype, the rigid parts were made of polylactide
(PLA) plastic while the soft parts were molded by silicone
rubber DragonSkin 30 (Smooth-On, Inc. USA). The fabrica-
tion process of ROSE gripper is shown in Figure 3b. In the
first step, we designed the rigid parts and silicone mold using
the 3D CAD software Fusion 360. Next, all rigid parts were
fabricated by the 3D printer Sermoon D (Creality 3D, China).
Then, silicone rubber was poured into the core molding,
flowing over the surface of the core to form the skin shape
(with or without markers). This step can be done several times
to increase the thickness of the skin. Based on the need of
sense, we can fabricate the markers by depositing marker
patterns on the core mold. Here, we manually paint red silicone
on the ROSE molds at a series of holes 2 mm deep and 2 mm
in diameter. After the markers were cured, we cover the mold
with white silicone to create the ROSE skin. Finally, the skin
was released from the core mold and assembled with rigid
parts and cameras to accomplish a completed ROSE gripper.
By applying this process, four versions of ROSE (the non-
sensing 4-in, sensing 4-in, non-sensing 2-in, and non-sensing
8-in ones) have been fabricated.
IV. MODELLING
Since ROSE hand enables a large contact area w.r.t. the
object, the gripping pressure on the object’s surfaces are
expected to reduce significantly. At the same time, the strain
of the ROSE’s thin skin should be clarified w.r.t. the weight
of the object. Here, we proposed two simplified models to
investigate these factors.
A. Model of Gripping Pressure on Object’s Surfaces
Our model was built based on three assumptions: (1) the
gripped object has a spherical shape, (2) the external forces
distribute uniformly over each half of a sphere object, (3) the
friction coefficient between the object and ROSE skin k<1,
and (4) the gripped object is covered by at least a bottom half
of the ROSE’s skin. In this scenario, the external forces applied
on the gripped object include the gravity force G, friction
force F, and gripping force R(see Figure 4). Therefore, if we
callaandmas the acceleration and the weight of the object,
respectively, the dynamic equation of the gripped object can
be written as below:
ma=G+R+F. (1)
In detail, the gripping and friction forces can be written by
defining its distribution at a circular element (diameter at 2 x) of
the object as shown in Eqs (2)-(3). Note that while the friction
coefficient k(along directions) is considered consistent, the
applied pressure on a unit length ( line pressure ) of each half
of the object ( ptandpb, respectively) are different.
R=2Zr
02πxptdx+Zr
02πxpbdx, (2)
F=2Zr
02πxpt.kdx+Zr
02πxpb.kdx. (3)4
(a) The design of ROSE gripper, from left to right:
explore view and 3D view; 1 - skin with markers
(petals), 2 - air tube, 3 - cameras, 4 - lower base,
5 - cylinder, 6 - lower base, 7 - bolts
(b) Process for fabrication of the ROSE gripper. Note that the gripper can be scalable
using this process.
Fig. 3: ROSE gripper’s design and the skin’s fabrication process.
Fig. 4: Applied line pressure pon the top-half ( pt) and bottom-
half ( pb) of a spherical object (radius r), illustrated by blue
and red arrows, respectively. Each pressure consists of the
horizontal ( ph) and vertical ( pv) components at a contact angle
α.
At the equilibrium state ( a=0), by projecting all these forces
into the vertical direction and using the assumption of a
symmetric object, Equation 1 can be rewritten as
mg=4Zr
0πx(pb
v−pt
v)dx+4Zr
0πx(pt
h+pb
h)kdx,(4)
=4Zr
0πx(pb
v+pb
hk−pt
v+pt
hk)dx. (5)
In fact, the line pressure on the top half of an object ( pt) is
much smaller than that of the bottom half of the object ( pb)
Fig. 5: Modelling of ROSE as an equivalent spring. The
deformation of the skin is estimated by extension of the spring
w.r.t. applied load Pof the gripped object.
andk<1 so Equation 5 can be written as
mg=Zr
04πx(pb
v+pb
hk)dx (6)
=4πZr
0pb(sinα+kcosα)xdx. (7)
Finally, we have
pb=mg
4πRr
0(√
r2−x2
r+kx
r)xdx, (8)
pb=3mg
4π(1+k)r2. (9)
With the vertical friction coefficient kdefined by practical
experiment, the maximum value of applied line pressure pon
an object can be estimated using Equation 9. From that, ones
can select the materials of ROSE’s skin, the size, or the weight
of the object to avoid damaging the object.
B. Skin Vertical Deformation Calculation
Here, we attempt to estimate the deformation of the petal
silicone rubber skin while gripping an object, using a simpli-
fied analytical approach on a elastic spring with a constant5
(a) Experimental setup to measure
the payload
Model with fit parametersExperimental load
Error of estimation(b) Comparison of measured gripping force and estimations using the analytical model
Fig. 6: Experiment to evaluate ROSE payload ability. The maximum observed payload was 328.7 N before the skin is detached
from the base (note that the graph is plotted upto 100 % strain, thus the maximum value is not recorded here.)
cross-section (area A). This assumption is made to replace the
complex morphology of the skin with an uneven distribution
of skin thickness in the vertical direction is complex (see
Figure 5) by a simple elastic spring. Thanks to this assumption,
the vertical deformation of ROSE ∆hcan be defined by the
Hooke ’s law based on the gravity force applied on object G
and the stiffness coefficient per area unit of skin k0as below.
∆h=P
k0A, (10)
where A=Vs/h0with Vsis the volume of ROSE’s skin. Then,
we obtain:
P=k0∆hVs
h0. (11)
Here, we assume to divide the working state of the ROS
gripper into two zones: A self-balancing zone (B-zone with
equivalent stiffness coefficient of k1) and a stable working zone
(S-zone with equivalent stiffness coefficient of k2). Overall, the
complex buckling deformation of ROSE’s skin leads to uneven
strain distribution. In the initial phase (B-zone), the skin starts
to twist, resulting in increasing contact area w.r.t object; thus
the skin is still soft. When the gripping skin gets maximum,
ROSE’s skin gets stiffer, implying that the skin’s equivalent
spring moves to the S-zone with a higher average stiffness
coefficient k2. In short, corresponding to each region related
to the mass of the object, the equivalent spring of the skin
behaves differently and is characterized by two coefficients k1
andk2. The Equation 11 then can be rewritten as
P=Z
B−zonek1k0Vs
h0dh+Z
S−zonek2k0Vs
h0dh. (12)
In detail, Vscan be defined by the geometrical calculation
or using the CAD software function regarding the thickness
of ROSE’s skin; k1andk2are practical coefficients and can
be obtained emperically. In the same time, from Equation 12,
we can estimate the object’s weight by measruing the strain
of the ROSE, and vice versa.TABLE I: ROSE’s payload-to-weight ratio
Version Weight (kg)Maximum
payload (kgf)Payload-to-weight
ratio
Payload test
(ROSE + rotor)0.491 33.51 6812%
V. E XPERIMENT SETUP
A. Payload Experiment
This experiment aims to define the working range of the
ROSE, i.e.maximum payload. The experiment setup is demon-
strated in Figure 6a. An object was fixed on the top of a vertical
ZTA-500N force gauge (IMADA Inc., Japan) through a fixture
and connected with this force gauge by an inextensible rope.
The ROSE gripper was assembled on a linear state (Suruga
Seiki Co., Ltd, Japan) through a 3D-printed base and stayed
above and oppositely to the force gauge axis. We used a
DC motor 17HS4401S (BIQU Inc., China) as an actuator
for rotating the base. The linear stage and the motor were
controlled by controller 1 and controller 2, respectively, by
two Arduino Rev3 UNO boards (Arudino SRL Inc., America).
First, the linear stage moved down to the working position,
then ROSE gripped and kept holding this object. Next, the
linear stage moved up, resulting in an increase of the vertical
force, which resembles increasing the load. Note that at each
strain point data, we stopped the linear stage and rest until the
force sensor measuring result is stable for recording. When
the strain is over 100%, we keep moving the linear stage
moved up without resting and saved the maximum payload.
The movement of the linear stage and the load were recorded,
and processed simultaneously, then shown in Figure 6b and in
Table I.
B. Sensing Experiment
In this experiment, we used a white skin for the ROSE grip-
per version, with red markers at the inner wall. We integrated6
(a) ROSE with air support at the
start frame
(b) ROSE without air support at
the start frame
Fig. 7: ROSE’s skin with inner markers and related tactile
sensing experiment setup (with/without air support). From top
row to bottom row: top view, inside camera view, and binary
frame processed by OpenCV .
a color cameras (MISUMI Electronics Corp., Taiwan) for
monitoring the movements of markers during the operation of
the ROSE. Objects were put into the gripper and then gripped
with and without air support at 3 kPa. Here, the air support
was inputted inside the ROSE’s skin to vary the stiffness of
the inflated skin, also helping better embracement of the skin
to the gripped object. The air was controlled by a solenoid
valve VQD 1121-5L (SMC Corp., Japan) and a pressure sensor
ISE30A-C6H-N-M (SMC Corp., Japan). A camera DSC-
RX10M4 (Sony, Japan) was set outside and above the ROSE
to record the gripping behavior while the integrated cameras
capture the movement of the skin and markers. Finally, we
processed all data from the integrated cameras by OpenCV in
Python to evaluate the sensing potential of ROSE (see Figure
7) and the video3.
C. Durability Experiment
Durability problem is always raised for soft robotic hands.
Here, we attempt to demonstrate the ROSE’s durability
through two cases: (1) repetitive grasping task, and (2) critical
damage. In this experiment, we used the 4-inch ROSE to grasp
a 210 g, 50 mm-diameter ball (similar to a typical apple), made
by gluing two hemispheres by a black tape (see Figure 8a).
In the first test, UR5 was used to repeat the ROSE’s grasp,
hold, and release the object (see Figure 8b). After every 24
hours, we stopped the UR5 to check ROSE and saved the data
to a computer.
For the second test, we cut the inner and the outer skins
of the ROSE by 12 .5,25,37.5,50,62.5,75,87.5,100% of their
3https://youtu.be/E1wAI09LaoY
(a) Durability test setup
 (b) Durability test result after 400 ,000
times of open-close trials
(c) Durability test result in case of critical damage (4 cut lines at
100% of skin height), from left to right: broken ROSE, front view,
and bottom view of a broken ROSE successful grasping
Fig. 8: Durability test: setup and result
height and check when it would fail to grasp objects (see
Figure 8c).
D. Demonstrations with UR5
Several common objects such as fruits, a coffee can, and
a chicken egg were used to demonstrate the gripping ability
of ROSE by using a UR5 robot arm. The ROSE gripper
was assembled directly to the final joint of this robot arm,
and the trajectories of this arm were programmed manually
from the control panel. The result has summarised in Table
II and illustrated in Figure 9. The performance of ROSE was
recorded, and detail of this experiment can be found in our
video. In order to see the performance of ROSE with wet and
deformable objects, a challenging mission for robotic grasping
and manipulation, we designed a critical experiment with a
peeled boiled egg (45 mm in diameter and 52 mm in height).
Here, a UR5 robot arm equipped with ROSE was used to grasp
this egg in an olive oil container with different percentages of
submerging (0, 30, 60, and 90%). Finally, the results of these
grasping demonstrations are summarized in Table III, Figure
1, and our video3.
VI. R ESULTS
A. Payload
The payload experiment indicates that ROSE could endure
the maximum payload at 328.7 N generated by 49 g silicone
skin, thanks to the morphological change of the skin, indicated
by the contact angle αin Equation 7, which also describes that
the larger αthat ROSE has, the lower the grasping pressure is.
Therefore, with the close structure, ROSE offers a high α(90
degrees at the locking base). This locking property explains
why ROSE can reach a high lift force. As a result, ROSE7
Fig. 9: Demonstration of ROSE on UR5 grasping objects with various sizes, shapes, and materials
TABLE II: Demonstration of ROSE on UR5 with various size, shape and materials objects after 30 times trials
Object Tape Coffee can Salt container Glue Chicken egg Pear Big orange Small orange
Weight [g] 93 216 235 12 57 245 120 96
Size (H x D) [mm] 60 x 52 105 x 53 238 x 56 85 x 23 42 x 60 100 x 79 60 x 79 50 x 62
Materials Fabrics Steel Plastics Plastics Raw egg Organic Organic Organic
Success rate 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100% 100%
TABLE III: Result of grasping peeled boiled chicken egg
submerged inside an olive oil’s container
Percentage of submerge 0% 30% 60% 90%
Success rate 100% 100% 8% 0%
gripper has a lofty payload-to-weight ratio of about 6812%
for the gripper alone (without the twisting motor).
Figure 6 show the generated force of ROSE’s skin w.r.t
the various payload. We also attempted to compare the es-
timation using Eq. 12. The emperical stiff coefficients k1
and k2of the equivalent spring were interpolated from the
payload experiment result. Here, the model showed good strain
prediction when the errors of simulation mostly are under
10 %. Secondly, the transition between the B-zone and S-zone
as mentioned in section IV-B is clearly seen at the payload
around 40 N. It also implies that the more applied load, the
harder the skin performs. This resembles to the assumption of
the skin cover increasing the grasping process in section IV-B.
B. Gripping Ability
Our demonstration shows that ROSE can gently manip-
ulate various sizes, shapes, and materials objects without
any damage or crash, including food products (see Fig. 9)
with 100 % success. During this experiment, ROSE showedgood stability while gripping, transporting, and placing these
objects. Additionally, ROSE can pick up other small objects
such as food (peanuts, rice, or candy), mechanical items (bolts,
screws, nuts), and granular media such as gravel.
Especially, the success of grasping peeled egg partly sub-
submerged inside an oil container (see Table III) clarifies that
ROSE can also work in a critical wet, slippery, and deformable
object that other conventional soft robotics grippers could not
accomplish (to best of our knowledge). The failure to grasp at
42mmheight of olive oil (fully sub-submerged underneath the
oil surface) is due to the remaining air in ROSE’s hand during
approaching the egg inside the oil container, preventing the egg
from sucking into the pedal skin of ROSE. In fact, we have
changed the gripping strategy by combining the approaching
movement and rotation of ROSE’s pedal skin to squeeze out
the air. As a result, the strategy for efficiently gripping objects
needs to be elaborated in depth in the future.
C. Durability
After 400,000 times of grasping, ROSE’s skin has some
small tears as observed in Figure 8b. This result indicates
that ROSE gripper can work durably thank to its simple but
efficient structure. Especially, such small tears on the ROSE
gripper’s skin do not affect the working ability of ROSE in
our experiment. Therefore, in order to verify the limitation of8
ROSE, we cut 100 % of its length at four symmetric directions
(Figure 8b), and found that ROSE still could keep grasping
successfully. This is considered to be significant since most of
the soft robotic hands (without self-healing) could not perform
the task upon being partly damaged.
D. Sensing Ability
In this paper, a design of vision-based tactile sensing using
markers was proposed. Based on the preliminary result ob-
tained from the cameras, shows potential in estimating the size
and shape, as well as states of gripped objects. Figures 7a-7b
indicate clearly the difference in terms of markers’ distribution,
thus the skin’s condition, upon contact with the object. Even
though perception and feedback control using tactile images
are not the focus of this paper, rich information from markers’
movement and distribution shown in this experiment promises
the necessary database for learning states of contact. It is also
learned from the preliminary results that buckling of the skin
upon contact with an object causes occlusions of markers,
which may be overcome by a combination of images from
three cameras distributed equally around the base and learning
algorithm. More elaborations on the tactile perception of the
ROSE gripper will be reported in the future.
VII. D ISCUSSION AND CONCLUSION
A. Design and Fabrication
The design of ROSE is novel but simple, for example, the
non-sensing 4-in version for the UR5 robot arm requires only
five components (3D-printed parts and a skin) and four pairs
of bolts and nuts, which has a total weight under 200 gand
supports plug and play ability (see the video). This results in
ease of fabrication. While rigid parts can be 3D-printed and
ROSE’s skin can fast fabricated with a simple one-core mold;
this fabrication method challenges the control of ROSE’s skin
thickness. A solution could be multi-cavity injection molds,
which are expensive but promising for mass production with
consistent thickness.
The size, shape, or sensing ability of ROSE can be highly
customized thanks to this simple design. Since robot arms
today often have a rotational DoF at the position of the end
effector, ROSE gripper can be easily customized to connect
with an industrial arm. As a result, none of the extra rotors
is needed to activate ROSE gripper. Additionally, assembled
by 3D-printed PLA parts and silicones, a customized ROSE
version for commercial robot arm UR5 reduces significantly
the cost of the gripper.
B. Gripping Ability
Our experiment results reveal that objects should fall within
the space bounded by the petal skin. Thanks to the symmetric
design and squeezing mechanism, ROSE gripper can embrace
objects without precise alignment w.r.t. the object. This ability
suggests that ROSE can handle objects with less burden
in computation (for controlling the gripper’s position and
orientation). Also, there is no problem when the gripper hits
the ground (table) while approaching the object, thanks tothe softness of the pental skin. Regardless this, ROSE gripper
meets difficulties in handling oversized objects (in comparison
with ROSE’s size). ROSE fails to grasp flat objects such as
CDs, or elongated objects such as poles. However, it can grip
a piece of fabric at specific postures since the twist action can
suck part of the fabric into a squeeze, thus successfully lifting
it. The ROSE gripper, thus, may need several renovations for
handling such objects as future work.
For grasping objects inside a liquid container, the structure
of the skin needs to be changed by integrating the air leaked
mechanism in combination with a control strategy for gripping
successfully in this scenario. Moreover, the air support for
sensing opens up the idea of taking advantage of a pneumatic
system to support the holding step and quick releasing. Such
work is also left as future elaboration.
C. Modelling
The large contact area and buckling structure help ROSE
apply low pressure on the grasped object surface but still
endure high payload. The former advantage can be seen
in Equation 9 of our first model which indicates that the
applied pressure of ROSE over object weight is approximately
linear. Regardless, such a simplified model only helps with the
preliminary evaluation of the grippers’ design and operation.
In fact, the buckling deformation of the ROSE skin during
the grasping process is nonlinear and complex. While our
simplified models can explain the behavior and trend of
the payload, lacking gripping pressure model evaluation is a
shortage, even though it is not the main focus of this paper.
In the future, we seek for total solution in detailed modeling
of the mechanical behavior of the ROSE’s skin since it is
also helpful for the creation of the ROSE’s digital twin for
embedding in robotics simulation tools. A digital twin is also
applicable for data acquisition of tactile images, which then
leads to the creation of tactile perception for ROSE through
learning methods.
D. Applications
These novel gripper ROSEs are anticipated to be used on
robot arms for manipulating tasks. With high durability, ROSE
ripper can be applied to tasks that require continuity for a
long time such as classification at factories and agricultural
harvesting on farm (where the postures of fruits are diverse). It
also brings a solution for the seafood industry where modified
ROSE can grasp underwater products. The close structure
of ROSE suggests an application for other fields such as
packaging where the skin can cover items and remove this
combo from ROSE’s base as a package. In nearly future, we
believe that the pictures of ROSE in restaurants or factories
would be feasible. Moreover, we would also like to use
bio-degradable materials to fabricate ROSE’s skin toward a
sustainable solution for nature.
VIII. C ONCLUSION
In this article, we proposed the design and fabrication of
a novel bio-inspired gripper named ROSE. An examination9
of ROSE’s characteristics clarified its features including the
maximum payload, payload-to-weight ratio, durability, skin
deformation, and contact perception. In addition, a demonstra-
tion with multiple objects, including an shelled chicken egg
dumped in olive oil, clarifies the universal grasping ability
of ROSE. In the future, we plan to simulate and evaluate
the behavior of ROSE’s skin with specialized software and
practical experiments, respectively. Furthermore, we intend to
develop the design of ROSE and explore its applications in
other scenarios such as underwater grasping.
REFERENCES
[1] E. Turco, V . Bo, M. Pozzi, A. Rizzo, and D. Prattichizzo,
“Grasp planning with a soft reconfigurable gripper ex-
ploiting embedded and environmental constraints,” IEEE
Robotics and Automation Letters , vol. 6, no. 3, pp. 5215–
5222, 2021.
[2] T. Takahashi, M. Suzuki, and S. Aoyagi, “Octopus bioin-
spired vacuum gripper with micro bumps,” in 2016 IEEE
11th Annual International Conference on Nano/Micro
Engineered and Molecular Systems (NEMS) , 2016, pp.
508–511.
[3] L. Xu and G. Gu, “Bioinspired venus flytrap : A di-
electric elastomer actuated soft gripper,” in 2017 24th
International Conference on Mechatronics and Machine
Vision in Practice (M2VIP) , 2017, pp. 1–3.
[4] M. Wu, X. Zheng, R. Liu, N. Hou, W. H. Afridi, R. H.
Afridi, X. Guo, J. Wu, C. Wang, and G. Xie, “Glowing
sucker octopus (stauroteuthis syrtensis)-inspired soft
robotic gripper for underwater self-adaptive grasping
and sensing,” Advanced Science , vol. 9, no. 17, p.
2104382, 2021. [Online]. Available: https://onlinelibrary.
wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1002/advs.202104382
[5] Y . Li, Y . Chen, T. Ren, Y . Li, and S. h. Choi, “Precharged
pneumatic soft actuators and their applications to
untethered soft robots,” Soft Robotics , vol. 5, no. 5, pp.
567–575, 2018, pMID: 29924683. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1089/soro.2017.0090
[6] M. E. Giannaccini, I. Georgilas, I. Horsfield, B. H. Peiris,
A. Lenz, A. G. Pipe, and S. Dogramadzi, “A variable
compliance, soft gripper,” Autonomous Robots , vol. 36,
pp. 93–107, 2014.
[7] W. R. T. Roderick, M. R. Cutkosky, and D. Lentink,
“Bird-inspired dynamic grasping and perching in
arboreal environments,” Science Robotics , vol. 6,
no. 61, p. eabj7562, 2021. [Online]. Available: https:
//www.science.org/doi/abs/10.1126/scirobotics.abj7562
[8] Z. Zhang, X. Ni, W. Gao, H. Shen, M. Sun,
G. Guo, H. Wu, and S. Jiang, “Pneumatically controlled
reconfigurable bistable bionic flower for robotic gripper,”
Soft Robotics , vol. 9, no. 4, pp. 657–668, 2022, pMID:
34287072. [Online]. Available: https://doi.org/10.1089/
soro.2020.0200
[9] F. Hu, L. Lyu, and Y . He, “A 3d printed paper-based ther-
mally driven soft robotic gripper inspired by cabbage,”
International Journal of Precision Engineering and
Manufacturing , vol. 20, pp. 1915–1928, 2019. [Online].
Available: https://doi.org/10.1007/s12541-019-00199-6[10] S. Makita and W. Wan, “A survey of robotic caging
and its applications,” Advanced Robotics , vol. 31,
no. 19-20, pp. 1071–1085, 2017. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1080/01691864.2017.1371075
[11] V . A. Ho, “Grasping by wrapping: Mechanical design and
evaluation,” in 2017 IEEE/RSJ International Conference
on Intelligent Robots and Systems (IROS) , 2017, pp.
6013–6019.
[12] B. Mazzolai et al. , “Roadmap on soft robotics:
multifunctionality, adaptability and growth without
borders,” Multifunctional Materials , vol. 5, no. 3,
p. 032001, aug 2022. [Online]. Available: https:
//dx.doi.org/10.1088/2399-7532/ac4c95
[13] S. Liu, F. Wang, Z. Liu, W. Zhang, Y . Tian, and D. Zhang,
“A two-finger soft-robotic gripper with enveloping and
pinching grasping modes,” IEEE/ASME Transactions on
Mechatronics , vol. 26, no. 1, pp. 146–155, 2021.
[14] A. Pagoli, F. Chapelle, J. A. Corrales, Y . Mezouar, and
Y . Lapusta, “A soft robotic gripper with an active palm
and reconfigurable fingers for fully dexterous in-hand
manipulation,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters ,
vol. 6, no. 4, pp. 7706–7713, 2021.
[15] W. Hu and G. Alici, “Bioinspired three-dimensional-
printed helical soft pneumatic actuators and their char-
acterization,” Soft Robotics , vol. 7, pp. 267–282, 2020.
[16] P. Van Nguyen, Q. K. Luu, Y . Takamura, and V . A. Ho,
“Wet adhesion of micro-patterned interfaces for stable
grasping of deformable objects,” in 2020 IEEE/RSJ In-
ternational Conference on Intelligent Robots and Systems
(IROS) , 2020, pp. 9213–9219.
[17] S. Li, J. J. Stampfli, H. J. Xu, E. Malkin, E. V . Diaz,
D. Rus, and R. J. Wood, “A vacuum-driven origami
“magic-ball” soft gripper,” in 2019 International Con-
ference on Robotics and Automation (ICRA) , 2019, pp.
7401–7408.
[18] L. I. Haili, Z. Shuai, Z. Xuanhao, Z. Wumian, and
Y . A. O. Jiantao, “A 0 . 5-meter-scale, high-load, soft-
enclosed gripper capable of grasping the human body,”
Sci. China Technol. Sci. , 2023.
[19] H. Li, J. Yao, C. Wei, P. Zhou, Y . Xu, and
Y . Zhao, “An untethered soft robotic gripper with
high payload-to-weight ratio,” Mechanism and Machine
Theory , vol. 158, p. 104226, 2021. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1016/j.mechmachtheory.2020.104226
[20] P. Pedro, C. Ananda, P. B. Rafael, A. R. Carlos, and
B. C. Alexandre, “Closed structure soft robotic gripper,”
2018 IEEE International Conference on Soft Robotics,
RoboSoft 2018 , vol. 2, pp. 66–70, 2018.
[21] Y . Hao, S. Biswas, E. W. Hawkes, T. Wang, M. Zhu,
L. Wen, and Y . Visell, “A multimodal, enveloping
soft gripper: Shape conformation, bioinspired adhesion,
and expansion-driven suction,” IEEE Transactions on
Robotics , vol. 37, no. 2, pp. 350–362, 2021.
[22] J. R. Amend, E. Brown, N. Rodenberg, H. M. Jaeger, and
H. Lipson, “A positive pressure universal gripper based
on the jamming of granular material,” IEEE Transactions
on Robotics , vol. 28, no. 2, pp. 341–350, 2012.
[23] S. D’Avella, P. Tripicchio, and C. A. Avizzano,10
“A study on picking objects in cluttered environments:
Exploiting depth features for a custom low-cost universal
jamming gripper,” Robotics and Computer-Integrated
Manufacturing , vol. 63, p. 101888, 2020. [Online].
Available: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/
pii/S0736584519307276
[24] S. Licht, E. Collins, M. L. Mendes, and C. Baxter,
“Stronger at depth: Jamming grippers as deep sea
sampling tools,” Soft Robotics , vol. 4, no. 4, pp.
305–316, 2017, pMID: 29251570. [Online]. Available:
https://doi.org/10.1089/soro.2017.0028
[25] N. Kuppuswamy, A. Alspach, A. Uttamchandani,
S. Creasey, T. Ikeda, and R. Tedrake, “Soft-bubble grip-
pers for robust and perceptive manipulation,” in 2020
IEEE/RSJ International Conference on Intelligent Robots
and Systems (IROS) , 2020, pp. 9917–9924.
[26] Z. Wang, H. Furuta, S. Hirai, and S. Kawamura, “A
scooping-binding robotic gripper for handling various
food products,” Frontiers in Robotics and AI , vol. 8,
2021. [Online]. Available: https://www.frontiersin.org/
articles/10.3389/frobt.2021.640805