Question: Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "AV-SUPERB: A Multi-Task Evaluation Benchmark for Audio-Visual Representation Models"?

Context: Speech processing Universal PERformance Benchmark (SU- PERB) is a leaderboard to benchmark the performance of Self- Supervised Learning (SSL) models on various speech process- ing tasks. However, SUPERB largely considers English speech in its evaluation. This paper presents multilingual SUPERB (ML-SUPERB), covering 143 languages (ranging from high- resource to endangered), and considering both automatic speech recognition and language identification. Following the concept of SUPERB, ML-SUPERB
This paper introduces ML-SUPERB, a benchmark that ex- tends SUPERB to multilingual the design of the open-source framework and discuss exper- imental More de- tailed policies can be found at https://multilingual. superbbenchmark.org/. We invite the community to par- ticipate in this challenge.

tasks. We present

results for some example models.

5. References [1] A. Mohamed et al., “Self-supervised speech representation learning: A review,” JSTSP, 2022.

[2]
This paper presents Dynamic-SUPERB, the ﬁrst collaborative benchmark for instruction-tuning speech models. Although previous benchmarks provide evaluations on several aspects, they are static [22–29]. In contrast, Dynamic-SUPERB encourages the commu- nity to contribute a broader range of tasks so that the task variations are dynamically extended, aiming for a more comprehensive assess- ment. For the ﬁrst version, we gathered over 20 publicly available datasets and transformed them into a
Instructors: Glymour,Wu,Bjorndahl,Spirtes,Zollman,Cullen,Sieg,Kelly,Wenner,London,Instructor TBA,Seidenfeld,Simons,Awodey,Smith,Werner,Avigad

Fall 2023

Course number: 80496

Title: Undergraduate Independent Study Mini

Units: VAR

Section: I2,S2,E2,O2,Q2,P2,C2,R2,L2,G2,B2,J2,N2,F2,D2,H2,M2,T2,K2,A2

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Title: Seminar: Multimodal Foundational Models

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 04:00PM

End: 05:50PM

Room: NSH 3002

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Ramanan

Fall 2023

Course number: 16895

Title: Understanding and Critiquing Generative Computer Vision

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 12:30PM

End: 02:50PM

Room: NSH 3002

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Gupta

Fall 2023

Course number: 16897

Title: Seminar on Robotics

Units: 0.0
Instructors: Bjorndahl,Spirtes,Wu,Zollman,Cullen,Sieg,Kelly,Wenner,London,Awodey,Seidenfeld,Simons,Instructor TBA,Mierzewski,Smith,Werner,Avigad

Fall 2023

Course number: 80501

Title: Undergraduate Research in Philosophy

Units: VAR

Section: E,I,F,D,P,C,J,S,A,K,B,T,H,L,M,R,O,Q,G,N

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
15. Model checking, 1994 CMU professor Edmund Clarke had long stressed the importance of verifying computer hardware and software through a formal problem-solving technique called “model checking.” In 1994, his arguments gained new weight with the discovery that Intel’s amazing new Pentium chip made errors on certain math problems. Clarke would go on to receive the Turing Award for his role in the development of model checking.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
offered by the Language Technologies Institute (LTI), a graduate department in the School of

Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. The MIIS degree provides advanced study

and practical experience in areas of Computer Science focused on the processing and analysis

of unstructured and semi -structured information, for example, text, image, video, speech, and

audio information. It is a practice -oriented professional degree designed for students who


Answer: 