Question: How many action types were included in the WebArena benchmark?

Context: We provide a benchmark with 812 test examples on grounding high-level natural language instructions to interactions in WebArena. Each example has a metric to evaluate the functional correctness of the task execution. In this section, we first formally define the task of controlling an autonomous agent through natural language. Then we introduce the annotation process of our benchmark.

3.1

INTENT COLLECTION
We present WebArena, a highly-realistic, standalone, and reproducible web environment designed for the development and testing of autonomous agents. WebArena includes fully functional web applications and genuine data from four major categories, providing a realistic platform for agent interaction. It further supports a wide range of tools and external knowledge bases, fostering a focus on human-like problem-solving. Additionally, we curate a comprehensive benchmark consisting of 812 examples
Along with WebArena, we release a ready-to-use benchmark with 812 long-horizon web-based tasks (§3). Each task is described as a high-level natural language intent, emulating the abstract language usage patterns typically employed by humans (Bisk et al., 2019). Two example intents are shown in the upper left of Figure 1. We focus on evaluating the functional correctness of these tasks, i.e., does the result of the execution actually achieve the desired goal (§3.2). For instance, to evaluate the
End: 03:45PM,01:50PM,03:20PM,04:50PM,10:50AM

Room: CMB 1064,TEP 2702

Locations: Doha, Qatar,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Burke,Depretis,Rivera Lebron,Mcginnis

Fall 2023

Course number: 70350

Title: Acting for Business

Units: 9.0

Section: A,B

Days: TR

Start: 08:00AM,09:30AM

End: 10:50AM,09:20AM

Room: TEP 3808,TEP 2702

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Goyette,Rivera Lebron

Fall 2023

Course number: 70354

Title: Communication: Social Media in Action
Instructors: Islam, Houser,Houser, Cohen-Karni,Skowronski, Houser,O'Connor, Houser,Houser, Marom,Pistorius,Dickey,Rohrer,Barati Farimani, Houser,Mchenry,Towe,Houser, Rollett,Degraef,Houser, Webler,Bockstaller, Houser,Houser, Porter,Houser,Kurchin,Houser, Holm,Feinberg,Houser, Sokalski,Bettinger, Houser,Salvador,Whitacre, Houser

Spring 2024

Course number: 27761

Title: Kinetics of Metallurgical Reactions and Processes

Units: 6.0

Section: A4

Days: MW

Start: 02:00PM

End: 03:50PM
Instructors: Howard,Dealmeida,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Defade,Cardenes,Wu,Ferla,Spacagna,Caballero,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Van Hoesen, Shields,Evans, Allen, Branson,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Thompson, Shields,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Kush,Carlisle,van der Sloot,Rusinek, Shields,Houlik, Shields,Shields, Sullivan,Laduke,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Goeres, Shields,Premo,Teadt,Galbraith,Chiu

Fall 2023

Course number: 57500

Title: Major Studio (Voice)

Units: 9.0

Section: A,E,B,F,C,D

Days: TBA
included in The WORD (not an exhaustive list) and graduate students are encouraged to bookmark this site and refer to it often:

Carnegie Mellon Vision, Mission

Statement of Assurance

Carnegie Mellon Code

Academic Standards, Policies and Procedures

Educational Goals

Academic and Individual Freedom

Academic Disciplinary Actions Overview

S tatement on Academic Integrity Standards for Academic & Creative Life

Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities
A review of the University’s Academic Disciplinary Actions procedures https://www.cmu.edu/student-affairs/theword/academic-discipline/index.html   is also recommended. These procedures outline the process for investigating, reporting, and adjudicating violations of the University Policy on Academic Integrity. The procedures also outline the appeal process.

3.3.27 Process for Appealing Final Grades https://www.cmu.edu/student-affairs/theword/academic/appeal-of-grades-and-academic-actions.html
includes the University expectations around academic integrity and provides definitions of

cheating, plagiarism, and unauthorized assistance.

MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 23

A review of the University’s Academic Disciplinary Actions procedures

https://www.cmu.edu/student -affairs/theword/academic- discipline/index.html  is also

recommended. These procedures outline the process for investigating, reporting, and


Answer: 