Question: What are the number of units for independent study: breadth?

Context: The human annotation study was conducted on the online research platform Prolific.4 To avoid annotator fatigue, the 52 categories were randomly split into 5 sets of roughly equal size, and each set was given its own annotation task. Sentences were annotated in batches of 20, and each annota- tion task had 6 independent annotators. During the study, each annotator was shown one sentence at a time, alongside one set of 8 to 10 LIWC categories. Annotators were then asked to rate on a scale from 0
Representations (atomic units of computation), Operations (manipulation and

transformation of representations into a novel format), Structures (arrangements of

representations into hierarchical relations with independent identities not reliant purely

on the properties of individual units) and Encoding (the real-time maintenance of

structures, and the ‘shielding’ of their identity against decay and transformation). As

such, I will defend what I will term the ROSE model.
out, and we will receive calls to dismantle models of sentence parsing. Regardless of

one’s philosophical bent, single-unit and other types of intracranial recordings are

plainly the most direct and reliable means to further test and refine ROSE (McCarty et

al., 2022), in particular given recent independent assessments that spontaneous

BOLD activity may be more closely aligned with offline plasticity and homeostatic
Units: VAR

Section: A,

Days:  ,TR

Start:  ,03:30PM

End:  ,04:50PM

Room: WEH 4625,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Fried, Welleck

Spring 2024

Course number: 11910

Title: Directed Research

Units: 1-48

Section: A,P,B,PP

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking,Callan

Spring 2024

Course number: 11920

Title: Independent Study: Breadth

Units: 1-48
Room: POS A35

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Bisk

Fall 2023

Course number: 11910

Title: Directed Research:

Units: 1-48

Section: A, ,PP

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room: TBA,

Locations:  ,Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Callan

Fall 2023

Course number: 11920

Title: Independent Study: Breadth

Units: 1-48

Section: E,I,AC,BC,AD,AE,F,CC,D,AH,U,BD,PP,BB,AW,P,C,EE,DD,J,AV,AB,A,S,K,Y,SS,W,B,T,AI,H,L,M,R,AA,N,O,Q,X,Z,G,AJ,QQ,AF,V

Days: TBA
Title: Master's Independent Study

Units: 0-99

Section: A,M,E,I,K,O,R,X,B,F,G,D,N,J,V,H,L,S

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Cochran,Pangaro,Cupkova,Kim,Huber,Byrne,Kurland,Cardoso Llach,Instructor TBA,Baird,Gruber,Bard,Loftness,Ficca,Sawyer

Spring 2024

Course number: 48737

Title: Detailing Architecture

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 09:30AM

End: 12:20PM

Room: MM 307

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
will be evaluated, and submit it to the Program Director before the end of the Add period of the semester of the proposed study. The study should be planned so that it is finished in time for the supervising faculty member to give a grade at the end of the semester. Independent studies may be undertaken for 6 or 12 units. Normally only one Independent Study would be

approved during a student’s MLT coursework.

5.1.5 Transfer Credit
c. A student may not use the same course to satisfy both a qualifying course

requirement and an elective course requirement.

3. Breadth requirements : Students must demonstrate breadth by passing one  course in

each of the following areas. In addition, MIIS -21 students must take two more LTI

courses (24 units total) in one of the following areas of concentration:

Human language;

Machine learning; and

Language technology applications.
elective courses that satisfy human language, machine learning, and language technology

applications breadth requirements and 66 practice units for a total of 150 units to attain the

Standard MIIS degree.

MIIS -21 students must take at least 108 units (typically 9 12 -unit courses) of qualifying and

elective courses and 66 practice units to satisfy their degree requirements, making it a total of 174 units to attain the MIIS: Advanced Study degree.


Answer: 