Question: What are some benefits of using a hybrid model approach for identifying hedges?

Context: Paper title: '"You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: C. Clavel, Yann Raphalen, Justine Cassell Summary: A model explainability tool is employed to explore the features that characterize hedges in peer-tutoring conversations, and some novel features, and the benefits of a such a hybrid model approach are
layers, capturing the semantic information of the previous turns, sig- nificantly improves the model’s performance. Additionally, the study provides insights into the importance of various features, such as in- terpersonal rapport and nonverbal behaviors, in predicting hedges by using Shapley values (Hart, 1989) for feature explanation. We dis- cover that the eye gaze of both the tutor and the tutee has a significant impact on hedge pre- diction. We further validate this observation through a
To summarize results on the fine-tuning versus re- ranking approaches we observe that: 1) With the help of a hedge classifier, the reranking approach can do a good job at generating hedges, 2) Blender- Bot is better suited to the task of generating long utterances, as described in Section 5.1. This could be because BlenderBot is pretrained with various social dialogue datasets, giving it a certain ability to generate the social aspects of dialogue.
Course number: 17416

Title: AI Governance: Identifying & Mitigating Risks in Design & Dev of AI Solutions

Units: 6.0

Section: A,B

Days: W

Start: 10:00AM

End: 11:50AM

Room: HH B131,CMU REMOTE

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Sadeh

Spring 2024

Course number: 17422

Title: Building User-Focused Sensing Systems

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 11:00AM

End: 12:20PM

Room: WEH 5403

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Agarwal, Goel

Spring 2024
Title: Methods of Policy Analysis: Future of Work

Units: VAR

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 05:00PM

End: 06:20PM

Room: HBH 2003

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Branstetter

Spring 2024

Course number: 90747

Title: Cost Benefit Analysis

Units: 6.0

Section: A4

Days: TR

Start: 03:30PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: HBH 1202

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Gogolak

Spring 2024

Course number: 90749

Title: Cost Benefit Analysis: A Capital Budgeting Approach
Title: Generative Modeling (GRAD)

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Bard

Fall 2023

Course number: 48785

Title: MAAD Research by Design Project

Units: 18.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 01:00PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: MM 312

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Bard, Ficca

Fall 2023

Course number: 48786

Title: PORTFOLIO & RESUME PREPARATION (G)

Units: 3.0

Section: A2

Days: F

Start: 11:00AM
Innovation (MSAII) program is a successor to the M.S. in Biotechnology, Innovation and Computing (MSBIC). It combines a rigorous AI and machine learning curriculum with real-world team experience in identifying an AI market niche and developing a responsive product in cooperation with external stakeholders. The core program, which lasts four semesters and leads to a capstone project, focuses on both intrapreneurship and entrepreneurship, equipping graduates to either begin a startup or develop
Many Ph.D. advisors also provide access to computer clusters, cloud computing, or other resources to support computationally -intense research.

Ph.D. students are given access to the LTI’s computer cluster on an as- needed basis, to be used for

course assignments, directed study projects, and/or capstone projects. The LTI cluster provides

storage and computation for projects involving large datasets and/or lengthy computation.
“Just in Time” Workshops: The Student Academic Success team is available to partner

with instructors and departments to identify skills or concepts that would benefit from

supplemental offerings (workshops, boot camps) to support students’ academic success

and learning. We are eager to help convene and coordinate outside of the classroom skill- building opportunities that can be open to any student interested in building skill or

reinforcing course concept mastery.


Answer: 