Question: What tasks does ML-SUPERB consider?

Context: XTREME-S’s 102. Secondly, ML- SUPERB focuses on ASR and LID, while XTREME-S covers four different tasks. However, ML-SUPERB expands the tasks by evaluating them in four common multilingual research sce- narios, while XTREME-S considers multilingual training only. Finally, ML-SUPERB is designed for efficiency, using smaller benchmark datasets and downstream models, and does not in- clude fine-tuning. This lightweight setup allows us to conduct experiments for a dozen of popular speech SSL
ML-SUPERB is designed to cover a wide range of lan- guages, including both high-resource languages like English and endangered languages such as Totonac. The benchmark pri- marily focuses on evaluating SSL models for automatic speech recognition (ASR) and language identification (LID). To ac- commodate different use cases for SSL models, ML-SUPERB includes two tracks with four different tasks: the monolingual track (monolingual ASR), and the multilingual track (multilin- gual ASR, LID, joint
Speech processing Universal PERformance Benchmark (SU- PERB) is a leaderboard to benchmark the performance of Self- Supervised Learning (SSL) models on various speech process- ing tasks. However, SUPERB largely considers English speech in its evaluation. This paper presents multilingual SUPERB (ML-SUPERB), covering 143 languages (ranging from high- resource to endangered), and considering both automatic speech recognition and language identification. Following the concept of SUPERB, ML-SUPERB
Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 12:00PM

End: 02:50PM

Room: CFA 111

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Orta Martinez, Robinson

Spring 2024

Course number: 16235

Title: Fantastic Robots and How to Fold Them

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 09:30AM

End: 10:50AM

Room: WEH 2302

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Temel

Spring 2024

Course number: 16299

Title: Introduction to Feedback Control Systems

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW
Course number: 15989

Title: Advanced/Special Topics in AI/ML DATA MINING RECIPES

Units: 6.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 02:00PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: WEH 5302

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Faloutsos

Fall 2023

Course number: 15990

Title: Computer Science Colloquium

Units: 0.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 03:00PM

End: 05:50PM

Room: GHC 4401

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Fall 2023

Course number: 15996
End:  ,06:50PM

Room: WEH 5421,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Moura

Fall 2023

Course number: 18980

Title: M.S. Graduate Project, Course Option I or Project Option Phase I

Units: 0-48

Section: A,RB,SV,RW

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: San Jose, California,Kigali, Rwanda,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Bain

Fall 2023

Course number: 18981

Title: M.S. Graduate Project, Course Option II

Units: VAR

Section: A,SV,RW

Days: TBA

Start:

End:
4.3 Optional Masters’  Thesis

MLT students may optionally  elect to complete a Mast ers’ Thesis; it is not  required. Students

who intend to apply for the PhD program should consider the MLT Thesis as one of several

ways to demonstrate their research potential. Other possibilities include innovative research in a research project or class project work.

The MLT Thesis must be completed according to the following guidelines. Note in particular the October 31 proposal deadline!
create situations where some students have difficulty exercising good judgment. Academic challenges can provide many opportunities for high standards to evolve if students actively reflect on these challenges and if the community supports discussions to aid in this process. It is

the responsibility of the entire community to establish and maintain the integrity of our

university. MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 20
areas include speech processing, information retrieval, machine translation, natural language

processing, machine learning, and computational biology. Many MLT graduates continue on to PhD programs in the LTI or other leading universities. Other graduates  go on to work in the

computer industry, many at major corporate research laboratories.


Answer: 