Question: Which LTI faculty members are authors on the WebArena paper?

Context: Paper title: 'WebArena: A Realistic Web Environment for Building Autonomous Agents' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Robert Lo, Frank F. Xu, Shuyan Zhou, Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Uri Alon, Daniel Fried, Abishek Sridhar, Graham Neubig, Yonatan Bisk, Xianyi Cheng Summary: This paper builds an environment for language-guided agents that is highly realistic and reproducible, and creates an environment with fully functional websites from four common domains:
13. Lily Todorinova and Zara T. Wilkinson, “Incentivizing faculty for open educational resources (OER) adoption and open textbook authoring,” Journal of Academic Librarianship 46, no. 6 (2020): 1–10, DOI: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2020.102220 (accessed 12 July 2023).

13

14. Todorinova and Wilkinson, “Incentivizing faculty,” 9.
Alex D Wade. 2022. The semantic scholar academic graph (s2ag). Companion Proceedings of the Web Conference 2022.

Samuel Way, Daniel Larremore, and Aaron Clauset. 2016. Gender, productivity, and prestige in computer science faculty hiring networks.

Robert S Weiss. 1995. Learning from strangers: The art and method of qualitative interview studies. Simon and Schuster.

A Details of Qualitative Methodologies

A.1 Participant demographics
Instructors: Islam, Houser,Pistorius, Houser,O'Connor, Houser,Barati Farimani, Houser,Houser, Rohrer,Dickey, Houser,Towe,Houser, Skowronski,Kurchin, Houser,Bockstaller, Houser,Houser, Porter,Houser, Degraef,Rollett, Houser,Marom, Houser,Krause, Houser,Houser,Houser, Bettinger,Houser, Whitacre,Cohen-Karni, Houser,Houser, Taheri-Mousavi,Houser, Feinberg,Houser, Salvador,Webler, Houser

Fall 2023

Course number: 27766

Title: Defects and Diffusion in Materials

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW
Instructors: Islam, Houser,Houser, Cohen-Karni,Skowronski, Houser,O'Connor, Houser,Houser, Marom,Pistorius,Dickey,Rohrer,Barati Farimani, Houser,Mchenry,Towe,Houser, Rollett,Degraef,Houser, Webler,Bockstaller, Houser,Houser, Porter,Houser,Kurchin,Houser, Holm,Feinberg,Houser, Sokalski,Bettinger, Houser,Salvador,Whitacre, Houser

Spring 2024

Course number: 27761

Title: Kinetics of Metallurgical Reactions and Processes

Units: 6.0

Section: A4

Days: MW

Start: 02:00PM

End: 03:50PM
Room: BH A51, ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Singh, Ramakrishnan,Ramakrishnan, Singh

Spring 2024

Course number: 11490

Title: LTI Minor Project - Seniors

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Spring 2024

Course number: 11492

Title: Speech Technology for Conversational AI

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 03:30PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: GHC 5222
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree
potential advisors determine how many new students they can take and  indicate their

preferences. Finally, the entire LTI faculty meets as a " Matching  Committee" to determine the best

set of matches.

Until a student finds a specific advisor, the Progr am Director  of the LTI graduate programs serves

as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is


Answer: 