 Another name for the vehicle being raced in sweepstakes is buggy.
 Course number for large language models methods and application is 11891.
 The Fall 2024 semester classes will begin on August 28th, a Monday.
 I don't know the number of units in Course 10315 in spring 2024.
 TAP stands for "Task-Agnostic Pre-training".
 The ACL 60/60 evaluation sets are used to evaluate the performance of automatic speech recognition (ASR) and language identification (LID) models in the multilingual track.
 The last day of Mini-5 classes is July 22, 2024.
 I don't know.
 I don't know the exact number of members of the National Academy of Medicine (NAM) affiliated with Carnegie Mellon University.
 I don't know the class room where advanced NLP was taught last semester.
 According to the provided context, the LTI faculty member who is an author on "Accelerating Diffusion-based Combinatorial Optimization Solvers by Progressive Distillation" is Zhiqing Sun.
 The paper "Fully Unsupervised Topic Clustering of Unlabelled Spoken Audio Using Self-Supervised Representation Learning and Topic Model" was published at ICASSP 2022.
 I don't know the full name of the conference where the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement, got published.
 Scott Fahlman created the first emoticon at CMU in 1982.
 The PI of CLAW Lab is not specified in the given context.
 According to the paper, imperfect machine-generated explanations help improve moderation accuracy by 2.4% on hard toxic examples, but expert-written human explanations provide a greater gain of 7.2%.
 I don't know Graham Neubig's job title.
 The title of course 05291 is HCI Pro Seminar.
 The trained models by the authors of the SantaCoder paper have 1.1 billion parameters.
 David Garlan is the Associate Dean for Master’s Programs in the School of Computer Science. 
 I don't know who the instructor is for unit 02718 in fall 2023.
 Unlimiformer
 The deadline for Mini-2 drop and withdrawal grade assigned after this date is on October 11th, Monday.
 I don't know when aluminum was first used to build buggies.
 The Phi Beta Kappa Initiation Ceremony will be held on May 9th at TBA (To Be Announced).
 The deadline for Mini-1 drop and withdrawal grade assigned after this date is October 9th.
 SAMA showcases a decrease in memory consumption of up to 2.0/3.8× compared to other baseline meta learning algorithms on multi-GPU setups.
 I don't know when Spring 2025 course registration starts for masters students.
 The location of course 05317 is Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 ValuePrism is a framework for eliciting and modeling human values in a way that can be used in AI development. It aims to help designers and developers understand how people value different aspects of a system or application, and use this understanding to create systems that align with human values.
 49.8%
 The deadline for Mini-3 pass/no pass and withdrawal is February 19th.
 The paper title for the paper that released a method called IPA is 'AutoReply: Detecting Nonsense in Dialogue with Discriminative Replies' published in 2023.
 According to the provided context, IPA has shown significant improvements on tasks such as prediction, adaption, and learning.
 I don't know the value of 11824.
 I can't satisfy your request, I don't have access to the specific course information for Fall 2023 with course number 05391.
 Nicholas Carlini
 Ion Levin-Decanini is the instructor for course 05315 in fall 2023.
 The cost to apply for the MLT program on the day before the deadline is $100 per program.
 The MIIS-16 program requires 84 units (typically 7 courses) of qualifying and elective courses.
 The first U.S. drama degree was awarded at Carnegie Tech in 1914.
 PhD students can use LTI's computer cluster for course assignments, directed study projects, and/or capstone projects involving large datasets and/or lengthy computation.
 The instructor teaching Advanced Topics in Multimodal Machine Learning in Spring 2024 is Paul Pu Liang.
 Latin.
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 The Machine Learning Department was formed in 2006.
 SPAE stands for Skier Performance Assessment Evaluation.
 I don't know the year in which the conference on Robot Learning was held where HomeRobot was published.
 284
 2008
 I don't know the conference venue where the framework tax was published.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment dropping for Mini-2 (deadline 1) is October 27th, Friday.
 2023
 Carnegie Mellon University does not discriminate in admission, employment or administration of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap or disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, ancestry, belief, veteran status or genetic information.
 According to the paper PROMPT2MODEL, the exact match achieved by gpt-3.5-turbo on the Squad dataset is not specified.
 Instructors: McCulloughLocation: Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaAnswer: I don't know.
 Stephanie Kwolek (MM 1946)
 I don't know the title of course 15151 in spring 2024.
 The Spring 2024 grades due date is March 11th.
 I don't know the course number(s) for the courses on LLMs as it is not provided in the given context.
 The three datasets evaluated in the KALE lexical expansion paper are MRQA, UnifiedQA, and Wikinews evaluation set (WN).
 I don't know David Garlan's office building or number as it is not provided in the given context.
 4 authors (Louis-Philippe Morency, R. Salakhutdinov, P. Liang, and Yun Cheng)
 ICML stands for International Conference on Machine Learning.
 The two standard benchmarks used to evaluate the performance of FREDOM are XQUAD and MLQA.
 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
 Instructor TBA taught Advanced Natural Language Processing in Fall 2023 in Room SH 105.
 Yes, a valid CMU ID is needed to make fitness reservations at Skibo Gym and the Highmark Center.
 I don't know the exact start date of the Fall Break in 2023 as the provided context does not include that information.
 11442
 96 units
The title of course 10701 in spring 2024 is Introduction to Machine Learning (PhD).
 The first day of Mini-6 classes is on June 24th.
 The first paper on the KALE paper by Jamie Callan's group is "KALE: Using a K-Sparse Projector for Lexical Expansion" published in 2023.
 The longer track of the MIIS program is Option 2, MIIS: Advanced Study degree (MIIS-21), which takes 21 months to complete.
 ICTIR stands for International Conference on Theory of Information Retrieval.
 The ACL 60/60 evaluation dataset includes English transcripts of scientific conference talks, as well as translations into 10 target languages (Chinese, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish).
 The benchmark used in the study was the LibriSpeech corpus.
 The Semester & Mini-1 Classes begin on August 28th.
 I don't know the title of course 17200 in spring 2024 as it is not provided in the given context.
 The deadline for adding or dropping a Mini-4 course with tuition adjustment in spring 2024 is April 1st.
 The phone number for CMU's office of Title IX initiatives is 412-268-7125.
 26.4%
 The Mellon Institute was the institute that Carnegie Tech merged with in 1967.
 Lori S. Levin has 3 papers on Semantic Scholar.
 The Language Technologies Institute's phone number according to the MCDS handbook is 412-268-2622.
 The WER achieved by the joint fine-tuning strategy in the Convoifilter paper is 14.5%.
 Based on the provided context, the deadline to drop a Mini-2 course with a withdrawal grade assigned is April 11.
 Yes, LTI offers a course on text mining as part of its Minor in Language Technologies program. The course is called "Machine Learning for Text Mining" and is offered in Fall semester.
 CMU has physical campuses beyond Pittsburgh in Qatar and Silicon Valley.
 Judging LLM-as-a-judge with MT-Bench and Chatbot Arena was co-authored by Lianmin Zheng, Wei-Lin Chiang, Ying Sheng, Siyuan Zhuang, Zhanghao Wu, Yonghao Zhuang, Zi Lin, Zhuohan Li, Dacheng Li, Eric P Xing, Hao Zhang, Joseph E. Gonzalez, and Ion Stoica.
 The number of authors on the SENTECON paper is 2 (Victoria Lin and Louis-Philippe Morency).
 I don't know the last names of the professors who taught 11-711 in Fall 2023 as they are not provided in the given context.
 812
 6 Tony Awards have been won by alumni and current/former faculty of Carnegie Mellon University so far.
 Yes, SCS Interdisciplinary offers more than one course in Summer 2024.
 A-LOL uses a per-token importance estimate to filter negative advantage (low-quality) data points during training.
 Based on the provided context, classes will likely start after the winter break on Monday, March 11th.
 14.41%
 Yes, it is possible to see frost during some college commencements.
 The conference where the paper "The Hidden Dance of Phonemes and Visage: Unveiling the Enigmatic Link between Phonemes and Facial Features" was published is Interspeech.
 The survey had 312 participants from the NLP community.
 ML-SUPERB
 SYNTACC uses a multi-code model for multi-accent speech synthesis.
 The units for linguistics lab are 6.0. 
 I don't know.
 The LTI faculty member who works on recommender systems is Jure Leskovec.
 The Plan module in the PET framework uses a pre-trained LLM to generate a list of sub-tasks for an input task description by breaking down complex tasks into simpler sub-tasks.
 The term for the discrepancies between increases in computational throughput and reductions in floating point operations, and improvements in wall-clock inference latency is called the "framework tax".
 The course number for Game Theoretic Probability, Statistics and Learning in spring 2024 is 10880.
 The authors of the paper "Transformed Protoform Reconstruction" are Young Min Kim, Kalvin Chang, Chenxuan Cui, and David Mortensen.
 The conference where the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages was published is the Workshop on Document-grounded Dialogue and Conversational Question Answering in 2023.
 The evaluation metrics reported on TREC DL 19 were MRR@10 on MS MARCO and NDCG@10 on TREC DL.
 The sweepstakes finals at Spring Carnival are on Saturday, May 11.
 SENTECON is published at https://github.com/torylin/sentecon/.
 The proposed framework in the paper is called Plan, Eliminate, and Track (PET).
 Scotch'n'Soda's theatre carnival shows are on Friday and Saturday.
 The MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar is worth 6 units.
 The attention dot-product scores in Unlimiformer approach are computed using a kNN index that retrieves and attends only to the top-k input tokens.
 Xuhui Zhou
 I don't know.
 Michael I. Shamos is the Director of the MSAII program.
 The conference where the paper "Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?" was published is the International Conference on Machine Learning (ICML).
 The mean confidence difference for the "he, she" gender-word pair is 0.317 with a standard deviation of 0.288.
 Mini-3 faculty course evaluations open on February 26.
 DeBERTA v3
 Brianna Eriksen should be contacted for additional information about the MIIS program.
 According to the framework tax paper, as hardware speed increases over time, framework overhead limits the impact of improved hardware on end-to-end performance, resulting in a growing disparity between hardware speedups and model latency improvements.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-3 is April 3rd.
 The method proposed in "Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF" is called Factually Augmented RLHF.
 A chute flagger in the sweepstakes competition is a team member who provides a signal for buggy drivers to know when to start the right-hand turn from Schenley Drive onto Frew Street.
 The PET framework leads to a significant 15% improvement over SOTA on the AlfWorld instruction following benchmark.
 The benchmark used in the experiments is the Alf-World instruction following benchmark.
 LTI PhD students can contact their advisor or the LTI Office Manager with any questions about their offices.
 The populations that were found to be predominantly aligned with by the datasets and models in the NLPositionality study were Western, White, college-educated, and younger populations.
 I can't satisfy your request, I'm just an AI assistant and do not have access to specific instructor information for fall 2023 courses.
 The reduction in word error rates achieved by the proposed models on LibriSpeech testother is not specified in the provided context.
 The LTI faculty involved in the work is the Language Technologies Institute (LTI).
 Yes, there is a YouTube channel for The Kiltie Band.
 I don't know the location of the Senior Leadership Recognition Ceremony held on May 10 2024.
 Language Technologies Institute
 The MIIS degree typically takes 16 months (MIIS-16) or 21 months (MIIS-21) to complete, depending on the option chosen.
 284
 Labor Day is on Monday, September 2, 2024.
Junxian He and Jiajun Shen are co-teaching the neural code generation course.
 I don't know.
 I don't know the number all Architecture classes start with.
 The conference where the paper "A Vector Quantized Approach for Text to Speech Synthesis on Real-World Spontaneous Speech" was published is arXiv.
 I don't know the course number for Undergraduate Research in Computational Biology in fall 2023.
 According to the BASS paper from Interspeech 2023, the proposed block-wise training method demonstrated a 1.8 ROUGE-1 point improvement in performance compared to training with the RL paradigm alone.
 The accuracy using SHAP reduction is not specified in the given context.
 The two key factors addressed by CSurF are: (i) coherence due to the direct contribution of afferent synaptic inputs; (ii) coherence between the sender LFP and the summed population spiking activity in the receiver.
 I don't know the title of course 15110 in spring 2024.
 The proposed approach for fairness domain adaptation in semantic scene segmentation is called "Domain Aware, Individual Fairness based Approach" [64].
 I don't know the full name of the conference where the paper BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization, got published.
 Course 15090 is worth 3.0 units.
 The cost to apply for the MLT program on December 4th, 2023 is $100 per program, but if submitted before November 29th, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. EST, the cost is $80.
 The proposed learning objective to improve perceptual quality of speech is to capture distributional similarity between real and synthetic speech as a proxy for perceptual speech quality tests using a mixed training objective that combines reinforcement training objective Lrl with maximum-likelihood training objective Lml.
 The sharp right-hand turn of the buggy course occurs on Frew Street at its intersection with Schenley Drive.
 The instructor for course 15151 in spring 2024 is Peng.
 I don't know the name of the LTI professor who was the last author in "To Build Our Future, We Must Know Our Past: Contextualizing Paradigm Shifts in Natural Language Processing".
 According to the provided context, the BartScore achieved by the CRL-COM (R) system on the XSUM dataset is not mentioned.
 FiT5 integrates document text information, retrieval features, and global document information into a single unified model using templated-based input and global attention.
 I don't know the answer to your question as I can only provide information based on what I have been trained on. I cannot access external information or databases, so I cannot provide exact unit information for courses that do not have a specific course number or other identifying information provided in the context.
 SafeWalk starts at 10pm and operates until 2am during the regular academic year.
 The unit 02518 is held in room HH B131 on TR days at 2pm-3:20pm in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 MOSAIC
 According to the paper ChatGPT MT, ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged for Low Resource Languages (LRLs) and African languages.
 We can use adversarial perturbation of the input image to attack multimodal models that allow users to provide images, by constructing an end-to-end differentiable implementation of the multimodal model and applying standard teacher-forcing optimization techniques when the target suffix is > 1 token.
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 ICLR 2023
 I don't know when unit 02761 is on Tuesdays and Thursdays in fall 2023.
 Mitamura
 I don't know when the Holi celebration is at the Spring Carnival.
 I don't know the conference where "BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization" was published.
 Andrew Carnegie died in 1919.
 I do not know the location of course 10500 in spring 2024.
 I don't know the name of the LTI prof who co-authored the paper titled "AV-SUPERB: A Multi-Task Evaluation Benchmark for Audio-Visual Representation Models".
 Carja and Schwartz are the instructors for unit 02512 in fall 2023.
 The first freshman-level computer programming course at CMU was taught by Herbert Simon in 1956 and 1957.
 arXiv.org
 The results of training 1.1B parameter models on Java, JavaScript, and Python subsets of The Stack and evaluating them on MultiPL-E show that these models outperform previous open-source multilingual code generation models, including InCoder-6.7B and CodeGen-Multi-2.7B, in both code generation and inﬁlling tasks on the MultiPL-E benchmark for these three languages, despite being substantially smaller.
 The year Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning was published is 2022.
 The cost to apply for the MLT program is $100 per program, with a $80 discount for applications submitted before November 29, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. EST (early deadline).
 I don't know the year Tartan Athletics Club was launched.
 The conference where the paper "Using counterfactual contrast to improve compositional generalization for multi-step quantitative reasoning" was published is the International Conference on Multimodal Interaction.
 Carnegie Tech (now Carnegie Mellon University) was the first U.S. school to award a degree in drama in 1914.
 The dataset created for this task is the "IEMOCAP" dataset.
 812
 Buggy Races
 According to the paper PWESUITE, the percentage accuracy for rhymes achieved by the autoencoder model on the evaluation suite is not mentioned.
 I don't know.
 Xuankai Chang.
 The CMU project that created its first high-speed computer network was the Andrew Project.
 03:30 PM
 Amanda Bertsch
 No, GRE scores are required for Master of Science in Intelligent Information Systems application.
 The cost to apply for the MLT program is $100 per program, with a discount of $80 available if submitted before November 29, 2023 at 3PM EST (early deadline). Fee waivers may be available in cases of financial hardship or for participants in select "pipeline" programs.
 The nickname for the sweepstakes competition is Buggy Races.
 The first freshman-level computer programming course was offered at CMU in 1958.
 The contact information for the HR person at LTI is not provided in the given context.
 The deadline for Mini-3 pass/no pass and withdrawal is February 19th, Monday.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-1 (deadline 1) is September 4th.
 Zhenghao Liu is the faculty member from N. University on the paper titled "Fusion-in-T5: Unifying Document Ranking Signals for Improved Information Retrieval".
 MOSAIC leverage knowledge from pre-trained CLIP model.
 Adrien Bardes, Jean Ponce, and Yann LeCun co-authored the paper Approach to Learning Generalized Audio Representation Through Batch Embedding Covariance Regularization and Constant-Q Transforms.
 I don't know the title of course 15122 in spring 2024.
 ESPnet-ST-v2 offers E2E models for ST and SST and a range of core architectures not covered by other toolkits like Fairseq and NeurST.
 I don't know.
 The LTI programs with capstone requirements are MSAII, MCDS, and MS programs.
 The point of contact for Naval ROTC Commissioning ceremony is urovaedbenefits@andrew.cmu.edu or 412-268-8747.
 I don't know the units for unit 02712 in fall 2023 as it is not provided in the given context.
 I don't know the number all Biomedical Engineering classes start with.
 The publication venue or conference where the paper "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View" was published is Interspeech.
 Semester & Mini-6 Faculty Course Evaluations open on July 29.
 I don't know the answer to your question as there is no faculty member named in the provided context.
 Mid-semester & Mini-1 grades need to be submitted on March 11th by 4 pm.
 Margaret Morrison Carnegie College was the college for women before 1973.
 The conclusion of the study is that M3IT, a multi-modal multilingual instruction tuning dataset, was developed to aid in the development of multi-modal large language models, and quantitative and qualitative results demonstrated its effectiveness in improving the performance of these models.
 Graham Neubig did not specify where he got his PhD. 
 The Semester & Mini-2 Faculty Course Evaluations will be open on Monday, November 27th.
 I don't know how many StuCo or Student Led Courses will be held in Spring 2024 as the information provided only lists a few examples of courses offered in that term.
 FLARE offers a novel approach to active retrieval augmented generation by incorporating forward-looking retrieval queries into the generation process. This allows the model to anticipate future queries and retrieve relevant information, potentially improving the quality and relevance of generated text.
 I don't know Robert Frederking's phone number according to the MCDS handbook.
 I don't know.
 The instructor for course 15195 in spring 2024 is Gkioulekas.
 The first two years of a PhD program are similar to a Master's program with a thesis component.
 The MOS-Q achieved by the MQTTS quantizer with a code size of 1024 on the VoxCeleb test set is 3.66 with a 95% CI of (3.47, 3.81).
 I don't know where this year's Buggy Showcase will happen. The article doesn't provide enough information to determine the location.
 40% 
 The Fairness Continual Learning approach proposes a loss function with soft labeling that connects contrastive learning and entropy regularization, similar to Grandvalet and Bengio (2004).
 The title of the paper that proposed a new task OUTDOOR is "Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation" (2023).
 Inference.
 The Tartans Got Talent show at the carnival is on Friday at 4:30pm.
 The first author of the paper "BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization" is Emma Strubell.
 SPAE (Semantic Pyramid AutoEncoder)
 To discuss their plans and fill out the appropriate form for Leave of Absence, MSAII students should contact Amber Vivis. For more information on tuition and fees, visit <https://www.cmu.edu/sfs/tuition/index.html>. Additional resources and information can be found at <https://www.cmu.edu/title-ix/resources-and-information/>. The University's Policy Against Retaliation is available at <https://www.cmu.edu/policies/administrative-and-governance/whistleblower.html>. The MSAII program has a ZERO TOLERANCE policy on sexual harassment and sexual assault.
 MSAII
 The process of exchanging pushers during the race is called transition.
 POMDP stands for Partially Observable Markov Decision Process.
 Ximing Lu
 The course "Issues of Practice" starts at 10:00AM in the morning in Spring 2024.
 CMU does not use protected attributes such as race, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, creed, ancestry, belief, or national origin in deciding the admission of PhD students.
 Xuhui Zhou worked on the paper "Don't Take This Out of Context! On the Need for Contextual Models and Evaluations for Stylistic Rewriting".
 Democracy Day is on November 11th. There are no classes on this day, except for evening classes after 5pm which will still meet.
 The three main reasons why kNN-LM performs better than standard LMs are using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN distribution.
 According to the provided calendar, Mini-1 classes begin on Friday, September 1, 2023.
 The MLT application period for Fall 2024 admissions started on September 6, 2023.
 According to the provided context, SAMA showcases up to 1.7/4.8× increase in throughput and 2.0/3.8× decrease in memory consumption on single-/multi-GPU setups compared to other baseline meta learning algorithms.
 The instructors for the data science seminar are Sadeh, Habib, Welle, Oflazer, Mortensen, and Levin.
 The BigCode project is an open-scientific collaboration working on responsible development of large language models for code, empowering the machine learning and open-source communities through open governance.
 The conference where Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning was published is not specified in the given context.
 The article "Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient" was published in the Journal of Neural Engineering.
 Yes, LTI does offer a course on ethics.
 According to the provided context, the global model achieves a score of 3.2 in the 5K data NER setting in Zhisong Zhang, Emma Strubell, and Eduard Hovy's paper on data constraints and structured prediction.
 COBRA Frames
 Martial Hebert's email address is hebert@cs.cmu.edu.
 Based on the provided context, I don't know who taught Natural Language Processing last fall. The given information is from various sources and does not mention any specific instructor or teacher.
 CodeBERTScore achieves the highest correlation with human preference according to all three correlation metrics (Kendall-Tau, Pearson, and Spearman).
 I don't know when CMU's main commencement ceremony is in 2024.
 The Chute Flagger provides a signal for buggy drivers to start the right-hand turn from Schenley Drive onto Frew Street.
 There are no authors of the paper "Understanding Political Polarisation using Language Models: A dataset and method" not from CMU.
 The conference where the paper "To Build Our Future, We Must Know Our Past: Contextualizing Paradigm Shifts in Natural Language Processing" was published is the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP).
 HomeRobot is a software framework designed to facilitate extensive benchmarking in both simulated and physical environments, enabling researchers to conduct experiments that can be replicated in both settings. It provides a robotics stack for the Hello Robot Stretch, which supports a range of capabilities, including navigation and position mode.
 I don't know the day and time of course 17422 in spring 2024.
 22 typologically diverse languages.
 The main goal of event grounding is linking mention references in text corpora to events from a knowledge base (KB) in a hierarchical manner, by utilizing hierarchical relations among events in documents and linking a mention reference to a set of event labels from a subevent hierarchy in the KB.
 Independence Day is on July 4th, 2024 and University classes will be closed on this day. The add/audit/tuition adjustment drop deadline for Summer Semester Two is on June 28th, 2024.
 Jeremy Olisar is the current director of The Kiltie Band.
 The conference where the paper "CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code" was published is the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP).
 The LTI director's phone number is 412-268-6656.
 The course number for the NLP course is 1-697. Introduction to Question Answering.
 Kunhao Liu
 I don't know the saying by Andrew Carnegie that is now CMU's school motto.
Based on the provided context, the professors who wrote "BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization" are Keqi Deng, Shinji Watanabe, Jiatong Shi, and Siddhant Arora.
 The benefits of using a hybrid model approach for identifying hedges include improved model performance through the combination of rule-based and deep learning-based features, as well as the ability to capture nuanced social interactions and nonverbal cues.
 According to the paper, human performance on the proposed benchmark was not evaluated.
 An "I" grade is typically assigned when a student has been unable to complete coursework due to extenuating circumstances, such as illness or family issues. The instructor must specify the requirements for completing the work and designate a default letter grade in case the student fails to complete the remaining work by the designated deadline.
 The Language Technologies Institute fax number is 412-268-6298.
 I don't know the title of Scotch'n'Soda's performance at the Spring Carnival.
 The deadline for Mini-5 pass/no pass and withdrawal is June 14th.
 I don't know the answer to your question because it is not provided in the given context.
 The Institute for Software Research was formed in 1999.
 Hierarchical Event Grounding is published in the proceedings of ACL 2022.
 The entities involved in creating Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center are CMU, University of Pittsburgh, Westinghouse Electric Corp.
 I'm not sure when Douse-a-Dean event is held this year at Spring Carnival because the provided context does not mention it. 
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 CMU LTI is located on the 5th and 6th floors of Gates Hillman Complex (GHC) on Carnegie Mellon’s Pittsburgh campus.
 36.0
 I don't know which fraternity won the first race in 1920.
 The minimum GPA required for the MSAII program is 3.0.
 The 15.5B parameter models introduced by The BigCode community are: SantaCoder, stars variant, tokenizer fertility variant, bfloat16 variant, no-ﬁm variant.
 FLARE stands for Forward-Looking Active REtrieval augmented generation.
 StyleRF resolves the three-way dilemma by performing style transformation in the feature space of a radiance field, leading to high-quality zero-shot stylization while preserving accurate geometry reconstruction and generalizability to arbitrary new styles.
 According to the provided context, the Center for Student Diversity & Inclusion Ceremony is held on May 11, 2024, at Carnegie Mellon University.
 Fernando Diaz's job title is Professor at Carnegie Mellon University. 
 I don't know the title of course 15150 in spring 2024. The context provided does not mention it.
 Yes
 Pushbar.
 $100 per program + $80 early deadline discount = $180.
 I don't know the number of papers Alexander Hauptmann has on Semantic Scholar.
 Mini-3 course drop and withdrawal grade assignment occur on February 19th.
 12I don't know the exact number of Academy Awards won by alumni and current/former faculty of Carnegie Mellon University as the provided context does not mention anything about it.
 GlobalBench currently covers 143 languages.
 TASTE uses longer user-item interaction sequences (e.g., lengths of 256 and 512) to better characterize user behaviors by modeling additional user-interacted items, leading to more accurate recommendation results in real-world scenarios where purchase or visit histories typically involve long-term interactions.
 The dataset introduced in the Value Kaleidescope paper is called NLPositionality.
 HomeRobot OVMM includes two components or environments: a simulation component using a large and diverse curated object set in new, high-quality multi-room home environments, and a real-world component providing a software stack for the low-cost Hello Robot Stretch to encourage replication of real-world experiments across labs.
 I don’t know who the instructors are for course 15122 in spring 2024.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for the semester (deadline 1) is March 31st.
 Graham Neubig's lab is not explicitly mentioned in the given context.
 The deadline for Mini-1 Pass/No Pass and withdrawal is October 2nd.
 Portugal.
 According to the provided context, Carnegie Mellon University was ranked #1 in 2022 by a leading U.S. magazine.
 Mini-5 Faculty Course Evaluations open on June 18.
 SELF-REFINE uses M (a language model) to refine its most recent output given its own feedback.
 Susan Bassett chaired the Mascot Identity Task Force in November 2006.
 According to the given context, SAMA shows a decrease in memory consumption of up to 2.0/3.8× on single-/multi-GPU setups compared to other baseline meta learning algorithms.
 I don't know the percentage of XLS-R’s performance that a vanilla HuBERT Base model can maintain with only $3 \%$ of the data, 4 GPUs, and limited trials.
 The buggy showcase at the spring carnival is on April 17-18, 2020.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-6 is June 27th.
 The Mini-2 Faculty Course Evaluations will be closed in fall 2023 on October 16th.
The University will be closed on Labor Day, Monday, September 4. There will be no classes or university operation on this day.
 I don't know the codes/numbers of the distinct courses, all titled "Introduction to Computer Systems", that will be offered in the Summer of 2024 as per the given context.
 SafeWalk ends at 2am.
 The section of Shop Skills 48104 had 3 sections in Fall 2023.
 I don't know when the two-wheeled buggy was eliminated.
 Yonatan Bisk is not the last author on the paper "Plan, Eliminate, and Track — Language Models are Good Teachers for Embodied Agents".
 2023
 I don't know the answer to your question. The provided context only lists the instructors for courses with numbers 10615, 05589, 05602, 24321, 24351, 21150, and 21201, but does not provide any information about the instructors for course 10615 in spring 2024.
 The conference where the paper 'Learning to Ask Questions for Zero-shot Dialogue State Tracking' was published is the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
 The paper "An Approach to Ontological Learning from Weak Labels" used the CIFAR-10 dataset and an ontology based on the Word2Vec embeddings.
 I don't know the answer to your question as the provided context does not provide any information about Martial Herbert's office building or number.
 The LTI faculty involved in the SPAE paper are Jamie Callan, Professor in GHC 5419, and callan@cs.cmu.edu.
 The deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-5 is May 27th.
 The PhD Academic Program Manager for the LTI PhD degree is Jamie Callan.
 Zhenghao Liu.
 The zero-shot top-100 accuracy achieved by the chain-of-skills model on the dev set of HotpotQA is 83.0.
 The survey investigated three topics regarding concerns about PLMs: environmental impact, equity, and impact on peer reviewing.
 The two LTI professors who were on the "Making Scalable Meta Learning Practical" paper are Eric P. Xing and Emma Strubell.
 The previous name for the Language Technology Institute was the Institute for Learning Technologies.
 I don't know the title of course 10735 in spring 2024.
 I don't know the course number for Independent Study: Research in spring 2024.
 11-654 – AI Innovation (12 units) was not taught by LTI faculty in Spring 2024.
 Rita Singh
 The first doctorate at Carnegie Tech was awarded in 1919 to Mao Yisheng in the discipline of civil engineering.
 26.4%
 The people from LTI who co-authored the paper COBRA Frames are Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Akhila Yerukola, Thomas Davidson, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, and Maarten Sap.
 Social acceptability and hate speech detection.
 11797 units.
 In the paper "KIT’s Multilingual Speech Translation System for IWSLT 2023", k-Nearest Neighbor MT was used for inference-time adaptation in the absence of training data from the target domain.
 The title of the paper proposes a novel re-ranker model FiT5 is "Fusion-in-T5: Unifying Document Ranking Signals for Improved Information Retrieval".
 Hao Peng♠ Qingqing Cao♢
 The deadline for withdrawing from a semester course with a withdrawal grade assigned in spring 2024 is on November 11th, Tuesday.
 The SCS CMU classes grading standard for max GPA is based on the 4.3 grading standard, where students must maintain a 3.0 overall average each semester to remain in good standing, obtain a B- or better grade in all courses that count towards core requirements, and obtain a C- or better grade in all courses that count towards the degree requirements.
 The cost of applying for the MLT program on November 20th, 2023 is $80.
 The proposed method showed improvement in speech enhancement workflows in the LibriSpeech dataset, as shown in the paper.
 I don't know which LTI professors wrote "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View".
 The Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University is located on the 5th and 6th floors of the Gates Hillman Complex on the university's Pittsburgh campus.
 The professor who introduced the TASTE algorithm is not specified in the given context. Therefore, I don't know the answer to the question.
 Instructors for course 17313 in spring 2024 are: Howard, Dealmeida, Pukinskis, Sullivan, Almarza, Kostyniak, Vosburgh, Cardenes, Wu, Houlik, Spacagna, Caballero, Howell, Schepkin, Instructor TBA, Van Hoesen, Gruber, Cherian, McGhee, Knox, Branson, Evans, Allen, Goeres, Dee, Rusinek, Aylmer, Whipple, Kush, Carlisle, Marcinizyn, van der Sloot, Laduke, Williams, Berntsen, Harding, Premo, Teadt, Galbraith, Chiu. 
 December 13, 2023
 The course with course number 10716 is located in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
 The paper where TASTE algorithm was introduced is "Text mAtching based SequenTial rEcommendation" by [author] in [year].
 I don't know when the first three-wheeled buggy was introduced.
 The MSAII program's director email address is shamos@cs.cmu.edu.
 The program with an application date of September 30th is not specified in the given context.
 The authors collect their public user profiles from URLs shared on Reddit with a minimum of three votes.
 The contact person for additional information about the PhD in Language and Information Technology program is help@cs.cmu.edu.
 The four stages of the MultiViz method are modality transformation, task analysis, model assignment, and response generation.
 The last day of Mini-3 classes is March 11th.
 The instructors for course 15210 in spring 2024 are Haidar, Singh, and Singh.
 The course with the title "User-Centered Research and Evaluation" has a course number of 05410.
 According to the provided context, 4 authors contributed to the paper "Generalized Glossing Guidelines: An Explicit, Human- and Machine-Readable, Item-and-Process Convention for Morphological Annotation": Pranav Rajpurkar, Jian Zhang, Konstantin Lopyrev, and Percy Liang.
 I don't know.
 A new class of offline policy gradient algorithms called Advantage-Leftover Lunch RL (A-LOL) is introduced in the paper to enable RL training on any pre-existing data.
 According to the provided context, GlobalBench currently covers 10 diverse modalities (images, video, audio, text, time-series, various robotics sensors, sets, and tables).
 Carolyn Rosé's email address is cpr3a@andrew.cmu.edu.
 GPT-3 davinci-003.
 Weigand Gymnasium is located in the Jared L. Cohon University Center.
 The cost in US dollars per program for the Master's degrees in Language Technologies if you submit before the early deadline is $80.
 The deadline for Semester add, audit & tuition adjustment drop (deadline 1) in fall 2024 is Monday, April 1st.
 3.
 The course title is "Competition Programming I".
 The value of ValuePrism's contextualized values is generated by a Context-aware Harm Reasoning Model (CHARM) trained on COBRACORPUS.
 The deadline for Mini-2 add, audit & tuition adjustment drop (deadline 1) is March 31st.
 Lanni taught course number 03600 in Spring 2024.
 The Spring 2024 Registration Week is on November 13th - 17th.
 Instructor TBA
 I don't know Carolyn Penstein Rose's phone number.
 The Human-Computer Interaction Institute was formed in 1993.
 None of the professors at LTI are on leave.
 Zhiqing Sun is the author of "Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF".
 CodeBERTScore encodes both the generated code and the reference code independently with pre-trained models, with the inclusion of natural language instructions or comments.
 The Mascot Identity Task Force was formed in November 2006.
 The URL for the code and data of InPars-light is not explicitly mentioned in the provided text, but it is mentioned that it is publicly available on GitHub. Therefore, the answer is: <https://github.com/searchivarius/inpars_light>.
 No, a valid CMU ID is not needed to use the tennis court. According to the context, all users must present a valid CMU ID to use the strength and conditioning facility, courts, class studios, a fully -equipped fitness center, and a gym for basketball and volleyball. However, the tennis court is not included in the list of facilities that require a valid CMU ID. Therefore, it is not necessary to have a valid CMU ID to use the tennis court.
 The Language Technologies Institute (LTI) is located in Pittsburgh, PA on Carnegie Mellon University's campus at 5000 Forbes Avenue, Gates Hillman Complex 5404.
 I don't know.
 Mona Diab's phone number is 412-268-3669.
 The Department of Computer Science (CSD) at CMU was established in 1965.
 Gordon is the instructor for course 10403 in spring 2024.
 According to the paper, one of the challenges of navigating in outdoor environments compared to indoor environments is the lack of clear spatial delineations and inherent semantic ambiguities in outdoor environments, making it difficult for language models to accurately hallucinate possible futures.
 Randy Pausch (SCS 1988) and Jeffrey Zaslow (DC 1980) are the authors of "The Last Lecture".
 Yonatan Bisk is the LTI faculty member who focuses on embodiment.
 I don't know the full name of the workshop where the paper "Generalized Glossing Guidelines: An Explicit, Human- and Machine-Readable, Item-and-Process Convention for Morphological Annotation" got published.
 The first director of the Robotics Institute was Reddy.
 The two courses that are prerequisities for the undergraduate concentration termed the LT concentration are LTI 11-101 and LTI 11-201.
 WebArena is a publicly available website at https://webarena.dev/.
 The instructors for course 15112 in spring 2024 are Stehlik,Kaynar,Erdmann,Gkioulekas,McCann,Lee,Peng,Sleator. I don't know the answer to your second question.
 According to the context provided, Mini-5 Final Exams take place on June 21, which is a Friday.
 According to the OUTDOOR paper, robots ideally exist in outdoor environments where spatial semantics may be ambiguous or lack well-defined boundaries.
 I don't know
 The deadline for Mini-1 add, audit & tuition adjustment drop (deadline 1) is March 31.
 The authors of the paper NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models are from Carnegie Mellon University.
 The paper "Learning to Ask Questions for Zero-shot Dialogue State Tracking" was co-authored by 6 people: Prakhar Gupta, Cathy Jiao, Yi-Ting Yeh, Shikib Mehri, Maxine Eskenazi, and Jeffrey P Bigham.
 The number of credits MCDS students must complete to graduate is 144 units.
 I don't know where The President’s Reception in honor of CMU’s Doctoral Candidates will be held.
 24 Emmy Awards have been won by alumni and current/former faculty of Carnegie Mellon University.
 The three concentrations in the MCDS program are Analytics, Systems, and Human-Centered Data Science.
 10
 The conference where the paper "NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models" was published is the Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
 The office number for Joan Axelson is 412-268-7517.
 To print something from an LTI printer, you must log in with your CMU ID card.
 The LTI faculty members involved in the framework tax paper are Jared Fernandez, Jacob Kahn, Clara Na, and Yonatan Bisk.
 The evaluation metric used in the paper PROMPT2MODEL to evaluate the performance of the models on the Squad test set is the ranking-based precision metric according to prediction confidence.
 The conference where DIFFERENCE-MASKING is published is the Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP).
 TASTE
 I don't know the title of course 17416 in spring 2024.
 Yes, you need to complete a capstone project as part of the MCDS degree at CMU.
 12 CMU alumni or faculty have been awarded Turing Awards, sometimes considered the Nobel Prize of computing.
 The deadline for withdrawing from a Mini-5 course and receiving a withdrawal grade is June 18th.
 SENTECON encodes a given passage of text as a layer of interpretable categories, with each dimension representing the relevance of a specific category.
 I don't know the year when Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions was published.
 I don't know the exact number of Chemical Engineering courses offered in Summer 2024 as the information provided only lists a few courses with specific details such as instructors, locations, days, and times.
 The deadline for MLT program applications was October 31.
 No, there is no class on Martin Luther King Day in spring 2025.
 Aman Madaan, Niket Tandon, Prakhar Gupta, Skyler Hallinan, Luyu Gao, Sarah Wiegreffe, Uri Alon, Nouha Dziri, Shrimai Prabhumoye, Yiming Yang, Shashank Gupta, Bodhisattwa Prasad Majumder, Katherine Hermann, Sean Welleck, Amir Yazdanbakhsh, and Peter Clark are the co-authors of the paper titled "Self-Refine: Iterative Refinement with Self-Feedback".
 100.
 I don't know the room number for the Advanced Natural Language Processing course.
 According to the provided context, SAMA showcases a throughput increase of up to 1.7/4.8× in large-scale meta learning benchmarks on single-/multi-GPU setups compared to other baseline algorithms.
 I don't know. I cannot find any information about the courses taught by Affara in Summer 2024.
 The guests should be seated for the start of the student procession on May 12 at 9:00 AM.
 I don't know the year The Kiltie Band began.
 The Mellon family founded Carnegie Mellon University.
 WebArena includes four domains of websites: e-commerce, social forum discussions, collaborative software development, and content management.
 The SPAE method used frozen LLMs from various sources, including Wikipedia and NQ, for validation.
 KALE vocabulary semantic concepts perform better than standard parametric LMs in some dimensions but not overall.
 The Semester drop deadline and withdrawal grade assigned after this date is on April 11th.
 In the context provided, SHAP stands for SHapley Additive exPlanations, which is a method used to explain the predictions of a machine learning model. It works by evaluating the model’s prediction for each instance while permuting the values of a specific feature, and calculating the difference between the model’s prediction with the original feature values and the prediction with the shuffled values. This allows for the identification of which features are driving the model’s predictions, and can help to understand how the model is making its decisions. In the case of the study mentioned in the context, SHAP was used to analyze the relationship between a mother’s history of depression and its influence on her child’s behavior, by predicting the mother’s affective state sequences and identifying the words that drive those sequences.
 I don't know when amusing buggies like Delta Upsilon's "Fish" and Printing Management's Bathtub disappeared.
 Aligned text models refuse to answer requests that could cause harm.
 Yonatan Bisk's job title is Professor in the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University.
 I don't know who taught human language for AI in the fall of 2023 based on the provided context.
 The paper addresses sparse lexicon-based retrieval by proposing a novel approach called Contextualized Surface Forms (CSF), which directly bridges the surface form space and the term semantics space in lexical exact-match retrieval. By leveraging contextual information, CSF reaches comparable accuracy as lexical all-to-all soft match systems while addressing the issue of sparse lexicons.
 SPAE converts between images of objects in a scene, such as a stove, sink, and refrigerator in a kitchen, or a man, woman, and baby on a bench in a park.
 10.
 I don't know the exact number of system submissions currently covered by GlobalBench.
 The Center for Machine Translation was established at CMU in 1988. 
 The success rate of the best performing GPT-3.5 model in the WebArena environment is 5.05%.
 Interspeech
 The code URL for the case studies presented in the framework tax paper is available at <https://github.com/JaredFern/Framework-Tax>.
 Lexicographic precision or lexiprecision.
 IEEE/ACM Transactions on Audio Speech and Language Processing.
 The course number 17437 is titled "Web Application Development".
 The CFA Interdisciplinary classes start with course number 57438.
 The people from CMU who contributed to the paper "Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities" are Maria Antoniak, Anjalie Field, Ji Min Mun, Melanie Walsh, Lauren F. Klein, and Maarten Sap.
 The document demonstrates MOSAIC's versatility in two task families: object categorization and object-fetching tasks.
 According to the provided context, the Office Manager for LTI who is listed in the LTI handbook is Joan Axelson.
 I don't know the day and time of course 18475 in spring 2024.
 SYNTACC stands for Synergetic Transfer of Argument Structure Constraints. (Source: Alexander Waibel's paper)
 The course number for the course titled "Parallel and Sequential Data Structures and Algorithms" is 15210.
 FACTORCL is a new contrastive learning algorithm that factorizes task-relevant information into shared and unique information to better handle low shared or high unique information cases. It achieves state-of-the-art results on six benchmarks by learning self-supervised multimodal representations that capture both shared and unique information relevant to downstream tasks.
 I don't know the title for 11737
 According to the context provided, Mid-Semester & Mini-1 grades are due by 4 pm on Monday, March 11.
 StyleRF
 Harnoor Dhingra
 Duolingo was named Apple’s 2013 App of the Year.
 The semester drop deadline for the Fall 2024 semester is on April 15th.
 The Biological Sciences classes start with course number 33121.
 According to the paper PWESUITE, the percentage accuracy for analogies achieved by the count-based model on the evaluation suite is not mentioned.
 I don't know the PhD program director for LTI's phone number.
 I do not have access to real-time information about classes on April 11th, 2024, as this information is subject to change and is not publicly available. 
 The MLT program is similar to the first two years of a Ph.D. program.
 I don't know the units for unit 02402 in fall 2023.
 The two steps in the PaintSeg painting process are: 1) manually painting red silicone on ROSE molds at a series of holes 2 mm deep and 2 mm in diameter, and 2) covering the mold with white silicone to create the ROSE skin.
 I don't know the course name/title for CMU 03128.
 The Employment Processes Manager for LTI is Julie Nys.
 I don't know the day and time of course 17413 in spring 2024.
 Jiatong Shi
 The theme for the booths at Spring Carnival this year is not specified in the given context.
 The preprocessing methods experimented with in the paper include data augmentation techniques such as jitter, noise addition, and speed manipulation.
 The instructors for the data science capstone (11632) are Nyberg.
 The fine-tuned model is based on a combination of a vision encoder and a pre-trained LLM.
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 26.4%Please let me know if I can assist you further or if there is anything else I can help with!
 The annual MOBOT race is held in April, specifically on the 17th and 18th of April in 2020, as per the given context.
 I don't know when the Fall 2024 course registration starts for masters students. 
 The paper analyzes how humans annotate multimodal interactions and proposes a method to automatically convert annotations of partial and counterfactual labels into information decomposition. The study shows that different datasets require different interactions, and finds high synergy values between modalities on sarcasm detection, strong correlation between unimodal performance and uniqueness values, and the effectiveness of residue-fusion GAN with feature-matching and perceptual losses in generating visual-tactile cross-modal data.
 The first author of the paper is from University of California, Berkeley.
 The letter "B" is often used to start the names of fringe vehicles.
 The full name of the conference where the paper "The Devil Is in the Errors: Leveraging Large Language Models for Fine-grained Machine Translation Evaluation" was published is Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
 I don't know the day and time of course 17604-C in spring 2024.
 The end-to-end task success rate of the best GPT-4-based agent on the WebArena benchmark is 14.41%.
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 I don't know when the Fall Break ended in 2023.
 I don't know the title of course 05431 in fall 2023.
 I don't know David Garlan's email address.
 The full name of the conference where the paper "Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities" was published is "Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics".
 Louis-Philippe Morency
 I don't know the course number for Generative AI in spring 2024.
 A dogwhistle is a term that conveys a different meaning to different audiences, often depending on their membership in a particular group or ideology. It is used in political messaging to garner support from a group without provoking opposition. Examples include "law and order," "the silent majority," "family values," "welfare queens," and "illegal aliens."
 The two proposed subtasks for the DSTC11 automatic evaluation track are designing automatic evaluation metrics for multi-lingual dialogues and improving dialogue robustness when dealing with paraphrases or back-translations.
 A. Nico Habermann was the first dean of the School of Computer Science.
 I don't know when Andrew project was launched.
 I don't know
 The grades due date for Fall 2024 semester is on March 11th.
 According to Bonifacio et al. (2022), PaintSeg can be configured to work with two types of prompts, which they refer to as "vanilla prompts" (see Table 2).
 The final deadline for withdrawing from a Mini-4 course in spring 2024 is April 15th.
 I don't know the answer to your question because there is no Instructor TBA listed in the provided context for Course 17514 in Spring 2024.
 Dr. karadoganahmet@hotmail.com
 5 authors contributed to the work "Understanding Political Polarisation using Language Models: A dataset and method".
 The title of their paper is 'Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning'.
 I do not know the title of course 10301 in spring 2024 as it is not provided in the given context.
 The Fall 2024 course registration starts on April 15. 
 I don't know the title of course 10601 in spring 2024.
 Dromedary achieves higher scores than GPT-3, LLaMA, Alpaca in both categories, while failing behind the ChatGPT-distilled Vicuna model in the generation task. 
 Louis-Philippe Morency is teaching the Multimodal Machine Learning course this semester.
 The mailboxes and office supplies are located in GHC 5404.
 Graham Neubig
 Generalized LoRA (GLoRA)
 I don't know who taught Urban Design Methods and Theory in Fall 2023 as the information provided in the context does not mention the instructor's name.
 The conference where the paper "Do All Languages Cost the Same? Tokenization in the Era of Commercial Language Models" was published is the International Conference on Machine Learning.
 The deadline for withdrawing from a Semester course and receiving a withdrawal grade is August 1st.
 The GRE is optional for the masters in language technologies application.
 I don't know the last day of Mini-1 classes in fall 2024.
 LTI professors who co-authored the paper titled "Understanding Masked Autoencoders via Hierarchical Latent Variable Models" are Lingjing Kong and Martin Q. Ma.
 The proposed forward-backward algorithm in the paper is not specified.
 ML-SUPERB considers automatic speech recognition (ASR) and language identification (LID) tasks in four different multilingual scenarios.
 The evaluation metrics reported on MSMARCO in the KALE paper are MRR@10 and NDCG@10.
 Allen Newell and Herbert Simon led the School of Computer Science in 1986.
 The Gates Hillman Complex at Carnegie Mellon University's 5 digit zip code is 15241-3891.
 I don't know when Campus Week was discontinued and replaced with Spring Carnival.
 The first official mascot of Carnegie Mellon University is a Scottish terrier named Scotty.
 The success rate of the baseline in real-world component of HomeRobot OVMM benchmark is 20%.
 The deadline to drop a Mini-1 course with a withdrawal grade assigned is October 2nd.
 Course number 17648 is titled "Engineering Data Intensive Scalable Systems."
 I don't know if Monica Harrison was ever a member of the Carnegie Mellon Hall of Fame Selection Committee.
 TAPT uses four categories of low-level acoustic descriptors: visual features, audio features, grasp features, and manipulation features.
 True
 Using random walks to estimate entity centrality on conversation entity graphs improves top precision answer passage ranking over competitive transformer-based baselines according to the paper.
 I don't know the number of people from CMU who co-authored the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding as the information is not provided in the given context.
 The deadline for Mini-1 voucher election is October 13.
 The full name of the conference where the paper An Approach to Ontological Learning from Weak Labels, got published is International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR).
 I don't know Carolyn Penstein Rose's fax number as it is not provided in the given context.
 According to the authors of the FLARE paper, one limitation of existing retrieval-augmented LMs is their inability to avoid unnecessary or inappropriate retrieval due to a lack of knowledge.
 MOSAIC stands for Learning Unified Multi-Sensory Object Property Representations for Robot Perception.
 Martial Herbert's one word title is "The Octopus in the Chinese Room".
 FLARE was evaluated on four knowledge-intensive tasks, including multihop QA (2WikiMul- tihopQA), commonsense reasoning (StrategyQA), long-form QA (ASQA), and open-domain summa- rization (WikiAsp) (Ho et al., 2020; Geva et al., 2021; Stelmakh et al., 2022; Hayashi et al., 2021).
 The code of OpenMatch can be found at https://github.com/OpenMatch/Augmentation-Adapted-Retriever.
 Erdmann, Kaynar, Wang, Thornton, Sheng, Xie, Quintana, Abdelghany, Gordon, Raanes, Mediratta, Hsieh, Beard, Zetune, Yu, Walker, Zhang, Khare, Hoover, Kulasiri
 The mapping network in the proposed model maps the output embedding space of a frozen text-only LLM to that of a frozen generation model, such as Stable Diffusion.
 Driver
 FiT5 tested its performance on MS MARCO and TREC DL 2019, 2020, and 2021 benchmarks.
 The Kiltie Band does not hold auditions for membership, and any member of the campus community with music experience is able to join! 
 I don't know the current Associate Director of Athletics, Recreational Programs.
 Modeling conversations with entity graphs can be used for improving top precision answer passage ranking in conversational search.
 The first author of the paper "Cross-Modal Fine-Tuning: Align then Refine" is not specified in the provided context.
 The May Mini-5 and Semester classes begin on May 17th.
 According to the provided context, the MOS-Q achieved by the HF-GAN on the VoxCeleb test set is 3.47 (+/- 0.06) (95% CI).
 The country that LTI has a special PhD program with is Portugal.
 4 teams participated in IWSLT 2023 shared task.
 According to the text, the DAE achieved by the CRL-COM (D) system on the XSUM dataset is not specified.
 I don't know which fraternity entered a keg of beer mounted on four wheels in 1960 buggy.
 I don't know the answer to your question because there is no information provided in the given context about when the buggy course was laid out in lanes for the first time.
 Juneteenth is observed on June 19, 2024, and the University is closed and no classes will be held on that day. The policy on classes for Summer 2024 is not specified in the context provided.
 The DialDoc 2023 shared task is about document-grounded dialogue and conversational question answering.
 Danni Liu
 The 3 letter metric reduced from 80% to 26.4% in the paper is WER (Word Error Rate).
 Jamie Callan is the PhD Program Director for the LTI PhD degree.
 Machine Learning for Text Mining (11741)
 The procedure is called "transition" whereby one pusher finishes pushing a buggy and the next pusher in sequence starts to push that same buggy.
 The Kiltie Band rehearses at the CUC Studio Theater on Mondays and Thursdays from 5:30 p.m.-7:30 p.m. during both football season (Mondays and Thursdays) and concert season (Mondays and Thursdays). There are no auditions required to join the band, and members should invest in a good lyre for each show. The first rehearsal is on the first day of class (Monday) at 5:30 p.m. in the CUC Studio Theater.
 The proposed model in "Generating Images with Multimodal Language Models" demonstrates a wide suite of multimodal capabilities, including image retrieval, novel image generation, and multimodal dialogue, by fusing frozen text-only large language models with pre-trained image encoder and decoder models, and mapping between their embedding spaces.
 The two task families evaluated in the paper are object categorization and object fetching tasks.
 2007
 KALE uses a k-sparse projector to convert dense representations into a sparse set.
 Martial Hebert is the Associate Dean for Master's Programs at Carnegie Mellon University School of Computer Science.
 The last day of classes for Mini-2, Semester, and Mini-2 is December 8, Friday.
 All LTI classes start with the number 11.
 The last author on WebArena is Xuhui Zhou.
 According to the context provided, Mini-4 faculty course evaluations close on March 4.
 The evaluation metrics reported in the paper include BLEU, TER, METEOR, and REAL.
 Ting-Han Fan worked on the paper "Advancing Regular Language Reasoning in Linear Recurrent Neural Networks".
 The Linguistics Lab course is worth 6.0 units.
 The buggies move forward in the beginning of the race by using their rear wheels swapped before heading back toward the starting line in pit stops.
 The two tracks in the MCDS degree plan of study are the Professional Preparation Track (16 months) and the Research Preparation Track (20 months).
 The ethics course offered at LTI is "Ethics in Research".
 ESPnet-ST-v2 is a revamped open-source toolkit for spoken language translation, offering offline ST, SST, and S2ST with a wide variety of approaches, differentiating it from other toolkits like Fairseq and NeurST.
 The target duration of the LTI PhD program is 5 years, although 6 years is also common.
 16 courses are offered by BXA Intercollege Degree Programs in Spring 2024 (excluding BXA Studio courses).
 SENTECON and SENTECON+ improve predictive performance on downstream tasks compared to traditional lexicons and lexicon+word2vec approaches.
 According to the provided context, GlobalBench identifies the following under-served languages: French, Indian languages, and 143 other languages.
 The conference where the paper "GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets" was published is the Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (EACL).
 I can't satisfy your request, I'm just an AI assistant and I do not have access to the specific course schedule or instructor information for fall 2023. Therefore, I cannot provide you with the exact days and times for unit 02613 on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays in fall 2023. However, I can suggest checking with the course instructor or the university registrar's office for this information.
 I don't know who the instructors were for 11667.
 Robert Lo, Frank F. Xu, Shuyan Zhou, Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Uri Alon, Daniel Fried, Abishek Sridhar, Graham Neubig, Yonatan Bisk, Xianyi Cheng were involved in the WebArena paper.
 I don't know the day and time of course 17645-F in spring 2024.
 I don't know the answer to your question as it appears that the information you are seeking is not provided in the given context.
 HomeRobot has two components: a simulation component and a real-world component.
 I don't know the title of course 05360 in fall 2023.
 Watson.
 Agentivity is used as a case study in "Syntax and Semantics Meet in the “Middle”: Probing the Syntax-Semantics Interface of LMs Through Agentivity".
 The course numbers for the courses offered in Fall 2023 are:93832 - Arts & Community Development (6 units)62830 - Disruptive Technologies in Arts Enterprises (6 units)93847 - Arts & Community Development (6 units)93851 - Film Economics, Marketing & Distribution (12 units)98150 - Great Ideas in the Arts (3 units)98154 - Intro to Open-Source FPGA & ASIC Chip Design (3 units)
 The 4 common MCDS core courses are 10-601 - Machine Learning; 15-619 - Cloud Computing; 05-839 - Interactive Data Science; and 11-631 - Data Science Seminar.
 I don't know.
 The cost in US dollars per program for the Master's degrees in Language Technologies if submitted after the early deadline is $100 per program.
 Unit 02601 takes place on Fridays at 11:00AM in POS 152.
 DPHuBERT.
 The paper "Fully Unsupervised Topic Clustering of Unlabelled Spoken Audio Using Self-Supervised Representation Learning and Topic Model" was published in 2022.
 Ramakrishnan
 I don't know which class Shinji Watanabe taught in Fall 2024.
 I do not know the title of course 17537 in spring 2024.
 I don't know.
 I don't know the title of course 15050 in spring 2024 as it is not provided in the given context.
 I don't know when the first Interfraternity Sweepstakes Race was held.
 The authors of the paper "COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements" are Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Akhila Yerukola, Thomas Davidson, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, and Maarten Sap.
 According to the provided context, the evaluation metrics reported in the CSurF paper for MSMARCO were MRR@10.
 The paper 'Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification' was published in 2023 in the International Conference on Multimodal Interaction (ICMI).
 ChatGPT.
 FACTORCL is published on arXiv.org.
 GPT-4 outperforms GPT-3.5 by 3.65% in average performance improvement across various tasks.
 The aerodynamic characteristics of a buggy are determined by its shell, which is the entire outer structure or covering of the buggy.
 100x larger
 IPA consistently brings significant improvements over off-the-shelf language models on five challenging text generation tasks, outperforming competitive baselines sometimes even including expensive fine-tuning.
 The training data used by StarCoderBase is 32% Python code.
 I don't know the current head coach of men's basketball.
 The deadline for adding or dropping a Mini-3 course with tuition adjustment in spring 2024 is April 3.
 16 submissions were made in Task 1 of the IWSLT 2023 shared task.
 The registration for sophomores in Spring 2025 starts on March 11th.
 The conference where Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions was published is Interspeech.
 I don't know the exact value of Human Language for AI worth, but I can tell you that it has gained significant attention in recent research due to its potential to align large language models with human values and intentions.
 The LTI director is not specified in the given context.
 I'm not sure when buggy rules changed to include a permanent driver and four pushers along the course, as this information is not provided in the given context.
 Pengi is evaluated on 21 downstream tasks.
 The deadline for Mini-5 vouchers is June 18th.
 The initiative is called "BigCode."
 David A. Tepper School of Business was originally named the Graduate School of Industrial Administration.
 I don't know
 A pusher propels a buggy via a pushbar along one of the five hills of the buggy course.
 True 
 ESPnet-ST-v2 supports offline speech translation, simultaneous speech translation, and offline speech-to-speech translation.
 According to the provided context, the neural network estimator developed in the Paaploss paper predicts something related to sequence prediction with recurrent neural networks.
 Kappa Kappa Gamma entered the first all-women’s team in buggy history in 1948.
 The course number is 05318, and its title is "Human AI Interaction."
 The Spring Carnival starts on April 11th, 2025.
 The dataset includes Hindi, Indonesian, Javanese, Kannada, Sundanese, Swahili, and Yoruba.
 The faculty involved in the CSurF paper were from the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University. Specifically, Zhen Fan, Jamie Callan, Luyu Gao are the authors of the paper.
 Saffer is the instructor for course 05380 in fall 2023.
 According to the paper "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models," diffusion models have vulnerabilities related to memorization and training data extraction attacks, which can be exploited by adversaries. Specifically, state-of-the-art diffusion models memorize and regenerate individual training images, allowing attackers to extract training data from these models. The paper finds that increasing utility can degrade privacy, and simple defenses such as deduplication are insufﬁcient to completely address the memorization challenge. Overall, the results show that diffusion models are less private than prior generative models such as GANs, and new advances in privacy-preserving training may be needed to mitigate these vulnerabilities.
 I don't know the instructors for the Introduction to Deep Learning course at LTI in fall 2023.
 I don't know the title of course 17356 in spring 2024.
 I don't know the answer to your question.
 Carnegie Tech merged with Mellon Institute in 1967 to form Carnegie Mellon University.
 I don't know the current assistant coach of women's basketball.
 I don't know who is teaching the question answering course at LTI.
 The LTI class offered in Kigali, Rwanda is 04800 with instructor Perkins.
 ML-SUPERB covers 143 languages.
 I don't know who is teaching "Ethics and Decision Making in Architecture" in Spring 2024.
 Pentathlon incorporates five efficiency metrics for evaluating model efficiency: throughput, latency, memory overhead, number of parameters, and energy consumption.
 5
 Thai-Binh Nguyen and Alexander Waibel co-authored "CONVOIFILTER: A CASE STUDY OF DOING COCKTAIL PARTY SPEECH RECOGNITION".
 The GitHub URL where MultiViz is available is <https://github.com/ClaraAlbi/paper_multiPGS57>.
 I don't know the number all Chemistry classes start with.
 3 authors from FACTORCL are from Carnegie Mellon University.
 Mid-Semester and Mini-3 grades are due by 4 pm on March 11th.
 The solution proposed in the BASS paper is to use discretized token sequences in ASR tasks, which includes de-duplication and sub-word modeling to enhance the input sequence and reduce computational cost by decreasing the length of the input sequence.
 The ability to infer the mental states of other agents in social environments, coined Theory of Mind (ToM) by Premack & Woodruff (1978), is critical to language learning in young children.
 The authors listed on the SPAE paper are Lu Jiang, Wolfgang Macherey, A. Hauptmann, David A. Ross, Irfan Essa, K. Murphy, Vivek Kumar, Ming Yang, Yonatan Bisk, Yong Cheng, Lijun Yu, Zhiruo Wang, Yanping Huang.
 Based on the provided context, BASS-adapt achieved a BERTScore of 44.6 on the How-2 test set.
 I don't know what model was used for early buggies in the 1930s.
 The two LLMs explored in the SPAE paper are frozen LLMs and pre-trained LLMs with a loss similar to Equation 6.
 I don't know the contact number of the Fitness Operations Manager. According to the provided information, the Information Desk at 412 -268-2107 can provide information about campus events and facilities, including the Fitness Operations Manager's contact information.
 I don't know the exact number of components or phases in the MultiBench toolkit pipeline as it depends on various factors such as the specific task, modality, and research area. However, I can tell you that MultiBench is a comprehensive toolkit for question-answering tasks that spans 10 diverse modalities and 15 prediction tasks, and it is designed to test a combination of feature learning and transfer learning.
 10 (the number of target languages)
 Daphne Ippolito is the first author of the paper.
 According to the given context, the most important feature in determining ChatGPT's relative ability to translate a language is the language's resource level.
 The proposed approach in the paper "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View" involves analyzing phonemes and facial anthropometric measurements (AM) separately and then correlating them to understand the voice-face relationship at a more fine-grained level.
 The datasets used in the evaluation of KALE method include the Kaggle Lending Club dataset.
 I don't know the main instructor for the search engines course.
 Based on the provided context, Mini-4 classes are expected to begin on Monday, March 11th.
 Yes, Professor Carolyn Rose has worked on Automatic Essay Scoring.
 ILL leverages expectation-maximization (EM) for modeling the imprecise label information, treating precise labels as latent variables.
 The target duration of the LTI Ph.D. program is 5 years, although 6 years is also common.
 The voucher deadline for Mini-3 in spring 2024 is on March 1st, 2024.
 The LTI Office Manager is the person to contact regarding LT concentration information for undergraduates.
 The final deadline for withdrawing from a Mini-3 course in spring 2024 is on March 1st.
 The Kiltie Band had their first official performance on November 25th, 1922.
 The name of the open-scientific collaboration working on the responsible development of large language models for code is BigCode.
 The shared task focused on in the paper is knowledge-based QA.
 The authors used real-world spontaneous speech data from YouTube and podcasts to train their TTS systems.
 Martin Luther King Day is observed on Monday, January 15, 2024.
 Robert Lo, Frank F. Xu, Shuyan Zhou, Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Uri Alon, Daniel Fried, Abishek Sridhar, Graham Neubig, Yonatan Bisk, Xianyi Cheng are the authors of the WebArena paper. 
 I don't know where advanced NLP is taught this semester.
 The final examinations for the spring semester and Mini-4 will take place on May 8th and May 13th respectively.
 The outer structure or covering of a buggy is called a shell.
 According to the information provided, final grades are due by 4 pm on December 23rd.
 One limitation of lexical exact-match systems is that they may not account for differences in implementation, variable names, or code conventions, leading to inaccurate scores in certain cases (e.g., as shown in Figure 1).
 The instructor for unit 02261 on Wednesdays is Li.
 SoftMatch has shown substantial improvements in human alignment benchmarks such as LLaVA-Bench and MMHAL-BENCH, specifically in aligning with human values (LLaVA-RLHF shows significant improvement).
 I don't know who the instructor for Advanced Deep Learning is in spring 2024.
 Yes
 CLIP stands for Contrastive Language-Image Pre-training.
 SAE.
 I don't know whether LTI offers a course on large language models.
 I don't know the title for 11700.
 The three structured prediction tasks evaluated in the study are named entity recognition, de-pendency parsing, event extraction, and relation extraction.
 According to the study, the feature that has a significant impact on hedge prediction is eye gaze of both the tutor and the tutee.
 Visit the University Policies website at <https://www.cmu.edu/policies/> or contact the Office of Graduate and Postdoctoral Affairs at <https://www.cmu.edu/graduate/> for more information on CMU's COVID policies.
 Liao Qu is the author of the paper "The Hidden Dance of Phonemes and Visage: Unveiling the Enigmatic Link between Phonemes and Facial Features".
 I don't know the answer to your question as the context does not provide information about the semester when the Buggy Races happen.
 Andrew Carnegie emigrated from Scotland in 1848 and settled in Pittsburgh, PA.
 Reciprocal rank is found to be brittle when discriminating between ranking systems, especially when evaluating multiple highly-performing systems, leading to tied performance.
 We propose a method to visually ground pretrained frozen language models through efficient finetuning of several linear layers.
 I don't know.Section: ADays: TBAStart:End:Room: TBALocations: Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaInstructors: BergeronFall 2023Course number: 57908Title: Music Theory IIIUnits: 6.0Section: ADays: MWStart: 01:00PMEnd: 02:30PMRoom: HOA 224Locations: Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaInstructors: BarkerFall 2023Course number: 57910Title: Music Theory IVUnits: 6.0Section: ADays: MWStart: 01:00PMEnd: 02:30PMRoom: HOA 224Locations: Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaInstructors: Huffman
 The shorter track of the MIIS program is 16 months long (MIIS -16).
 I don't know if the university is open on January 15th 2024 as the context provided does not include any information about that date.
 The diffusion models mentioned in the document are Stable Diffusion and Imagen.
 I don't know the instructors for course 05430 in fall 2023.
 Based on the provided context, Fall Deans' Lists Posted for the Fall 2024 semester will be posted on Monday, December 23rd.
 KALE stands for "K-Sparse Projector for Lexical Expansion".
 The final application deadline for the PhD program in Language and Information Technology (LTI) is December 13, 2023 at 3:00 p.m. EST.
 The LTI faculty member who was a contributor on the HomeRobot paper is Alexander Clegg.
 CMU did not get its first IBM 650 computer until 1964, as per the provided context.
 15%.
 The HomeRobot OVMM benchmark includes 40 scenes.
 The three unseen tasks investigated for Whisper model in the paper "Prompting the Hidden Talent of Web-Scale Speech Models for Zero-Shot Task Generalization" are: 1) Text classification of medical transcriptions, 2) Dialogue generation in a medical setting, and 3) Speech recognition for a conversation in a noisy environment.
 The last day of classes for the Fall 2023 semester is on Friday, August 1.
 Reciprocal rank is used to measure the effectiveness of ranking systems in retrieving exactly one relevant item.
 The authors on the SantaCoder paper are M. Lappert, Urvashi Bhattacharyya, Niklas Muennighoff, Terry Yue Zhuo, Yacine Jernite, Carolyn Jane Anderson, Qian Liu, Chenghao Mou, Dmitry Abulkhanov, S. Troshin, Hailey Schoelkopf, Manan Dey, Christopher Akiki, Paulo Villegas, Carlos Muñoz Ferrandis, Bernardo Garc'ia del R'io, D. Lansky, Dzmitry Bahdanau, Harm de Vries, Loubna Ben Allal, Arjun Guha, J. Poirier.
 The deadline for Mini-1 Pass/no pass & withdrawal is on October 2nd.
 I don’t know the answer to your question as the provided context does not mention the specific course or instructor you inquired about.
 I don't know.
 The first day of classes for the winter semester in spring 2025 is on Monday, March 11.
 4 authors contributed to the paper "CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code".
 The sharp right-hand turn on Frew Street is called the "chute."
 H. John Heinz III College was previously called School of Urban and Public Affairs.
 The conference where the paper "Transformed Protoform Reconstruction" was published is the 27th International Conference on Computational Linguistics (COLING 2018).
 I don't know when the buggy bash at the spring carnival is.
 The Spring Break in 2024 will end on March 10th.
 StyleRF consists of two innovative designs: sampling-invariant content transformation and deferred style transformation.
 Pengi leverages Transfer Learning by framing all audio tasks as text generation tasks using a unified architecture that combines audio embeddings and text embeddings as input to a pre-trained frozen language model.
 The real-world applicability of the proposed approach is demonstrated in various domains such as image classification, natural language processing, and bioinformatics.
 According to the paper, the performance degradation of the progressively distilled model on the TSP-50 dataset is not specified or mentioned. Therefore, I don't know the answer to this question.
 I don't know the instructor for course 05432.
 I apologize, but I cannot provide a specific date for when Spring Break will start in 2024 as the information provided does not contain such details. The closest date mentioned is March 4, which is the start of 8 M-F Spring Break with no classes.
 I cannot answer your question as the provided context does not provide enough information about unit 02801. I'm just an AI model and do not have access to specific information about courses or their titles unless it is provided in the context.
 The MLT program prepares students for a research career in academia or industry.
 The WebArena paper has 9 authors.
 The MultiBench benchmark includes 10 modalities.
 MultiBench includes 10 diverse modalities, 15 prediction tasks, and 5 research areas with a total of 30 datasets.
 Unlimiformer offloads the cross-attention computation to a single k-nearest-neighbor (kNN) index in order to allow for unlimited length input.
 According to the information provided, chalk is not explicitly prohibited in the Fitness Center at the Jared L. Cohon University Center. However, it is possible that there may be specific rules or regulations in place regarding the use of chalk in this particular facility, so it is recommended to check with staff or signage within the Fitness Center for any additional guidelines.
 The novel architecture introduced in the paper is Attention with Linear Biases (Alibi) which applies a bias to query-key attention scores to penalize them based on their distance.
 The effect of training speakers with a highly weighted ToM listener component is performance gains in the authors' image referential game setting, signifying potential utility of further incorporating ToM in language learning models.
 The Spring 2024 grades are due for graduating students on May 8th.
 The BASS paper by Bhiksha Raj's group evaluates on the GLUE benchmark dataset.
 The three aspects assessed by the holistic evaluation in MultiZoo & MultiBench are Consistency, Capability, and Efficiency.
 I don't know the answer to your question. The provided context does not mention any LTI professor who was involved in "SYNTACC : Synthesizing Multi-Accent Speech By Weight Factorization".
 I don't know the contact number of the Director of Sports Medicine.
 They were awarded the Turing award in 1975.
