Buggy
11-667
August 26th 2024
12 Units
Temporal Acoustic Parameter
targeting text and speech translation of the ACL Anthology and past recorded talks into 60 languages for the ACL's 60th anniversary
June 18th
54
6
TEP 1403
Yiming Yang 
IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP)
IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP 2023)
Scott Fahlman
Yonatan Bisk
In the BiasX paper, how much do imperfect machine-generated explanations help in correctly identifying subtly (non-)toxic content?
Associate Professor of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University and CEO of Inspired Cognition
Learning Media Design
1.1B parameter models 
Associate Dean 
Wu, Wei
Unlimiformer
November 13th
1930s 
McConomy Auditorium, Cohon University Center
September 18th 
44% reduction 
Monday November 18 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania	4SC 104
What is ValuePrism?
What percentage of CMU's Computer Science first year students in 2019 were women?
February 7th 
Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning
Toxicity Reduction, lexically constrained generation, open-ended generation, dialogue after control, and knowledge-grounded dialogue. 
12 credits 
Designing Human Centered Software
Nicholas Carlini
Kaufman, Geoff
How much does it cost to apply for the MLT program if an application is submitted on the day before the deadline?
At least 84 credits  
1914
Course assignments, directed study projects, and capstone projects 
Fried, Daniel and Liang, Paul
Proto-Indo-European language 
2018
Machine Learning Department 
What does SPAE stand for?
Conference on Robot Learning (CoRL) 
23
2008
At which conference venue was the framework tax published?
September 1st 
2023
No
56.0
Pittsburgh PA, DNM 
Stephanie Kwolek 
Mathematical Foundations for Computer Science
May 8th
What are the course number(s) for the courses on LLMs?
WordNet,Freebase,ReVerb
Office Building,TCS, Room 420  
4
International Conference on Machine Learning 
What are the two standard benchmarks used to evaluate the performance of FREDOM?
International Conference on Machine Learning
Graham Neubig 
Yes
October 16th 
11442,11642,11742
96 
Introduction to Machine Learning 
June 24 
Luis Borges 
21 month 
International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval
oral presentations from past ACL talks from the Anthology, with human post-edited transcripts and translations
Which benchmark was used in the study?
August 26th 
Ethics and Policy Issues in Computing
March 14th 
(412) 268 7125
1.4%
Mellon Institute
229 
What is the language technologies institute's phone number according to the MCDS handbook?
In the Convoifilter paper, what is the WER achieved by the joint fine-tuning strategy?
November 27 
Yes
Silicon Valley, Qatar, Africa 
Yonghao Zhuang
2 authors 
Fried, Frederking
812 test examples 
58 Tony Awards
Yes
Advantage thresholding 
January 16th 
14.41% 
No limit 
What is the full name of the conference where the paper The Hidden Dance of Phonemes and Visage: Unveiling the Enigmatic Linkbetween Phonemes and Facial Features, got published?
312 participants 
X-SUPERB
Text-to-speech synthesis TTS called YourTTS 
What are the units for linguistics lab?
1
Professor Fernando Diaz
translates a task description into a list of high-level sub-tasks
Performance gap 
10880
David Mortensen 
What is the full name of the conference where the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages, got published? 
In the KALE paper, what evaluation metrics were reported on TREC DL 19?
When are the sweepstakes finals at Spring Carnival?
Where is the SENTECON paper published at?
Plan,Eliminate, and Track (PET) Framework 
In spring carnival, Scotch'n'Soda's theatre carnival shows are on what days of the week?
How many credits is the MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar worth?
What are the attention dot-product scores in the Unlimiformer approach?
Maarten Sap
Yes, Reconstructing faces from voices
Michael Shamos 
International Conference on Machine Learning, 2023 
What is the mean confidence difference for the "he, she" gender-word pair in the paper "Language Models Get a Gender Makeover"?
In spring 2024, When do Mini-3 faculty course evaluations open?
Which ranker outperformed BM25 consistently in the InPars study?
For additional information about the MIIS program, who should you contact?
According to the framework tax paper, what is observed to be growing as hardware speed increases over time?
In spring 2025, What is the deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-3?
In "Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF," what is the name of the method that they propose for alignment?
What is the role of a chute flagger in the sweepstakes competition?
What is the improvement achieved by the PET framework on the AlfWorld instruction following benchmark?
In the Plan, Eliminate and Track paper, which benchmark was used in the experiments?
Who should LTI PhD students contact if they have a question about their offices?
Which populations were found to be predominantly aligned with by the datasets and models in the NLPositionality study?
In fall 2023, Who is the instructor for unit 02701?
In the paper "Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation, what is the reduction in word error rates achieved by the proposed models on LibriSpeech testother?
Which LTI faculty is involved in the work Improving Factuality of Abstractive Summarization via Contrastive Reward Learning?
Is there a YouTube channel for The Kiltie Band?
Where is the Senior Leadership Recognition Ceremony held on May 10 2024?
What is the name of Yonatan Bisk's lab?
How many months does the advanced study MIIS degree typically take?
Carnegie Mellon University is home to how many members of the National Academy of Engineering (NAE)? 
In fall 2024, When is Labor Day?
Which two faculty are co-teaching the neural code generation course?
What are the course numbers for question answering courses at LTI?
What number do all of the Architecture classes start with?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper A Vector Quantized Approach for Text to Speech Synthesis on Real-World Spontaneous Speech, got published?
In fall 2023, What is the course number for Undergraduate Research in Computational Biology?
In the BASS paper from Interspeech 2023, what is the improvement in ROUGE-L score demonstrated by the proposed block-wise training method?
What is the accuracy using SHAP reduction?
What are the two key factors addressed by CSurF?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 15110?
What is the name of the proposed approach for fairness domain adaptation in semantic scene segmentation?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization, got published?
In spring 2024, How many units is course 15090 worth?
How much does it cost to apply for the MLT program if an application is submitted on December 4th, 2023?
What is the proposed learning objective to improve perceptual quality of speech?
Where does the sharp right-hand turn of the buggy course occur?
In spring 2024, Who is the instructor for course 15151?
What LTI professor was the last author in "To Build Our Future, We Must Know Our Past: Contextualizing Paradigm Shifts in Natural Language Processing"?
What is the BartScore achieved by the CRL-COM (R) system from the paper Improving Factuality of Abstractive Summarization via Contrastive Reward Learning, on the XSUM dataset?
What types of information does FiT5 integrate into a single unified model?
In spring 2024, How many units is course 17214?
What time in the day does SafeWalk start?
In fall 2023, Where is unit 02518 held?
What is the name of the novel framework introduced for learning unified multi-sensory object property representations?
According to the paper ChatGPT MT, which languages does the study suggest ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged for?
What can be used to attack multimodal models that allow users to provide images?
In fall 2023, What are the units for unit 02614?
Where was the paper titled "Computational Language Acquisition with Theory of Mind" published?
In fall 2023, When is unit 02761 on Tuesdays and Thursdays?
What class is taught by Eric Nyberg and Teruko Mitamura?
When is the Holi celebration at the Spring Carnival?
At what conference was "BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization" published?
What year did Andrew Carnegie die?
In spring 2024, What is the location of course 10500?
Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "AV-SUPERB: A Multi-Task Evaluation Benchmark for Audio-Visual Representation Models"?
In fall 2023, Who are the instructors for unit 02512?
Who taught the first freshman-level computer programming course at CMU?
What is the publication venue of "Assessment of quality of life after upper extremity transplantation: Framework for patient-reported outcome scale domains"?
What are the results of training 1.1B parameter models on Java, JavaScript, and Python subsets of The Stack and evaluating them on MultiPL-E?
In what year was Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning published?
How much does it cost to apply for the MLT program if an application is submitted a week before the deadline?
Tartan Athletics Club was launched in which year?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Using counterfactual contrast to improve compositional generalization for multi-step quantitative reasonin, got published?
Which was the the first U.S. school to award a degree in drama?
In the paper "Modeling Empathic Similarity in Personal Narratives", what is the name of the dataset created for this task?
How many action types were included in the WebArena benchmark?
What is the name of the event where buggies are raced?
According to the paper PWESUITE: Phonetic Word Embeddings and Tasks They Facilitate, what is the percentage accuracy for rhymes, achieved by the autoencoder model on the evaluation suite?
What are the number of units for independent study: breadth?
Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions"?
What was the name of the CMU project that created its first high-speed computer network?
In spring 2024, what time does the Subword Modeling class start?
Who is ther first author of the paper Unlimiformer: Long-Range Transformers with Unlimited Length Input?
Is the GRE optional for the Master of Science in Intelligent Information Systems application? Answer yes or no.
How much does it cost to apply for the MLT program if an application is submitted a month before the deadline?
What is the nickname for the sweepstakes competition?
When was the first freshman-level computer programming course offered at CMU?
What is the number of the HR person at LTI?
In spring 2025, What is the deadline for Mini-3 pass/no pass and withdrawal?
In fall 2023, What is the deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-1 (deadline 1)?
Which LTI faculty member is on the paper titled "Fusion-in-T5: Unifying Document Ranking Signals for Improved Information Retrieval"?
What pre-trained model does MOSAIC leverage knowledge from?
What are the names of the people from LTI who co-authored the paper Approach to Learning Generalized Audio Representation Through Batch Embedding Covariance Regularization and Constant-Q Transforms
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 15122?
What models does ESPnet-ST-v2 offer?
In fall 2024, When is the Convocation?
What are the acronmys for all LTI programs that have capstone requirements?
Who is the point of contact for Naval ROTC Commissioning ceremony?
In fall 2023, What are the units for unit 02712?
What number do all of the Biomedical Engineering classes start with?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View, got published?
In summer 2024, When do Semester & Mini-6 Faculty Course Evaluations open?
Which LTI faculty member does the most work on robots?
In fall 2023, When do the Mid-semester & Mini-1 grades need to be submitted?
Which Carnegie Tech School before 1973 was a college for women?
What was the conclusion of the study regarding the effectiveness of query rewriting techniques using large language models for multilingual, document-grounded question-answering systems?
Kyoto University
November 27 
How many StuCo or Student Led Courses are going to be held in Spring 2024?
What is the benefit of FLARE over existing retrieval augmented LMs?
What is Robert Frederking's phone number according to the MCDS handbook?
How many Electrical & Computer Engineering courses are going to be held in Summer 2024?
Sleator, Daniel
The first two years of the PhD program are similar to what master's program?
What is the MOS-Q achieved by the MQTTS quantizer with a code size of 1024, on the VoxCeleb test set?
Weigand Gym GUC 1 st floro 
83% white
What loss functions are proposed in the Fairness Continual Learning approach?
What was the title of paper that proposed a new task, OUTDOOR?
Which stage of a model's lifecycle does the Pentathlon benchmark focus on?
When is the Tartans Got Talent show at the carnival?
Roshan Sharma
What is the name of the method introduced in "Semantic Pyramid AutoEncoder for Multimodal Generation"?
For additional information about the MSAII program, who should you contact?
What is the 5 letter abbreviation for the MS in artificial intelligence and innovation degree?
Transition
What does POMDP stand for?
Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning"?
10:00 am 
What are the protected attributes that CMU does not use in deciding the admission of PhD students?
Maarten Sap
November 7 
What are the three main reasons why kNN-LM performs better than standard LMs?
In fall 2023, When do the semester and Mini-1 classes begin?
When did the MLT application period for Fall 2024 admissions start?
How much increase in throughput (single GPU setup) does SAMA showcase in large-scale meta learning benchmarks?
Who are the instructors for the data science seminar?
What is the BigCode project about?
Association for Computational Linguistics
Brain Research Elsevier 
Yes Computational Ethics for NLP 
What score does the global model achieve in the 5K data NER setting in Zhisong Zhang, Emma Strubell, and Eduard Hovy's paper on data constraints and structured prediction?
COBRACORPUS
hebert@ri.cmu.edu
Who taught Natural Language Processing last fall?
What is the Spearman Correlation of CodeBERTScore with human preference?
When is CMU's main commencement ceremony in 2024?
Who provides a signal for buggy drivers to start the right-hand turn from Schenley Drive onto Frew Street?
Are there any authors of the paper Understanding Political Polarisation using Language Models: A dataset and method, not from CMU?
At what conference was "To Build Our Future, We Must Know Our Past: Contextualizing Paradigm Shifts in Natural Language Processing" published?
What is HomeRobot?
In spring 2024, What is the day and time of course 17422?
22 different languages
What is the main goal of event grounding?
In summer 2024, When is Independence Day and what is the University's policy on classes?
Who is the current director of The Kiltie Band?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code, got published? 
What is the LTI director's phone number?
What are the course number(s) for the NLP course?
2022 IEEE/CVF Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR)
My heart is in the work 
Rita Singh, Bhiksha Raj 
What are some benefits of using a hybrid model approach for identifying hedges?
78.24% 
I
What is the language technologies institute's fax number according to the MCDS handbook?
What is the title of Scotch'n'Soda's performance at the Spring Carnival?
In summer 2024, What is the deadline for Mini-5 pass/no pass and withdrawal?
How many courses does Mechanical Engineering offer in Summer 2024?
When was the Institute for Software Research formed?
Where is Teruko Mitamura's Hierarchical Event Grounding published at?
Carnegie Mellon University and University of Pittsburgh 
When is Douse-a-Dean event at this year's Spring Carnival?
What time does Leading in a Lean and Six Sigma World start in Summer 2024?
What street is CMU LTI located one?
How many units is the MIIS Capstone Project with course number 11927 for?
Iota Sigma Delta wins first race 
3.0 GPA 
What are the names of the 15.5B parameter models introduced by The BigCode community?
What does FLARE stand for?
What is StyleRF's solution to the three-way dilemma in 3D style transfer?
Where is the Center for Student Diversity and Inclusion Ceremony held on May 11, 2024?
What is Fernando Diaz's job title?
Principles of Functional Programming
What are the events on May 10 as part of the Commencement program for 2024?
What is the structure attached to a buggy that a person pushes to propel it forward?
If you applied to both the MIIS and MSAII programs on the day before the deadline, how much would it cost?
How many papers does Alexander Hauptmann have on Semantic Scholar?
In spring 2025, When do Mini-3 course drop and withdrawal grade assignment occur?
How many Academy Awards have alumni and current/former faculty won so far?
190 languages 
What does TASTE use to better characterize user behaviors?
In the Value Kaleidescope paper by Maarten Sap's group, what is the name of the dataset that is introduced?
HomeRobot OVMM benchmarks include two components or environments. What are they?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 15122?
In fall 2023, What is the deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for the semester (deadline 1)?
What is the name of Graham Neubig's lab?
In fall 2023, What is the deadline for Mini-1 Pass/No Pass and withdrawal?
What country does the Dual-Degree Ph.D. in Language and Information Technologies have a partnership with?
Computer Science 
In summer 2024, When do Mini-5 Faculty Course Evaluations open?
What does Self-Refine use to provide feedback and refine the initial output?
In November 2006, who chaired the Mascot Identity Task Force? 
How much decrease in memory consumption (single GPU setup) does SAMA showcase in large-scale meta learning benchmarks?
What percentage of XLS-R’s performance can a vanilla HuBERT Base model maintain with only $3 \%$ of the data, 4 GPUs, and limited trials?
When is the buggy showcase at the spring carnival?
In summer 2024, What is the deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-6?
In fall 2023, When are the Semester & Mini-2 Faculty Course Evaluations closed?
In fall 2023, Is there class and university operation on Labor Day?
What are the codes/numbers of the distinct courses, all titled "Introduction to Computer Systems", that will be offered in the Summer of 2024?
What time in the day does SafeWalk end?
In Fall 2023, how many sections did Shop Skills 48104 have?
When was the two-wheeled buggy eliminated?
Is Yonatan the last author on the plan, eliminate and track paper?
What year is "Neural Mixed Effects for Nonlinear Personalized Predictions" published in?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 10615?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Learning to Ask Questions for Zero-shot Dialogue State Tracking, got published?
In the paper "An Approach to Ontological Learning from Weak Labels", what dataset and ontology were used in the investigation?
What is Martial Herbert's office building and number?
Which LTI faculty are involved in the SPAE paper?
In summer 2024, What is the deadline for adding, auditing, and tuition adjustment drop for Mini-5?
Who is the PhD Academic Program Manager for the LTI PhD degree?
Which LTI professor co-authored the paper titled "Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases"?
What is the zero shot top-100 accuracy achieved by the chain-of-skills model on the dev set of HotpotQA?
In the paper "Surveying (Dis)Parities and Concerns of Compute Hungry NLP Research", what three topics did the survey investigate regarding concerns about PLMs?
What two LTI professors were on the "Making Scalable Meta Learning Practical" paper?
What was the previous name for the Language Technology Institute?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 10735?
In spring 2024, What is the course number for Independent Study: Research?
What 11-6XX courses were not taught by LTI faculty in Spring 2024?
What professor was the last author on "Deriving Vocal Fold Oscillation Information from Recorded Voice Signals Using Models of Phonation"?
The first doctorate at Carnegie Tech was awarded in 1919. Who was it awarded to and in what discipline was it in?
In the paper "Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation, what is the reduction in word error rates achieved by the proposed models on Switchboard?
What are the names of the people from LTI who co-authored the paper COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements?
Which two NLP tasks were applied with the NLPositionality framework in the study?
What are the number of units for 11797?
Retrieval based approach kNN-MT 
Long Document Re-ranking with Modular Re-ranker
Which CMU professor was on the "Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation" paper?
In spring 2024, What is the deadline for withdrawing from a semester course with a withdrawal grade assigned?
What are the SCS CMU classes grading standard for max GPA?
How much does it cost to apply for the MLT program if an application is submitted on November 20th, 2023?
In the Paaploss paper, in which speech enhancement workflows did the proposed method show improvement?
Which LTI professors wrote "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View"?
What city is the Language Technologies Institute at Carnegie Mellon University located in?
Which LTI professor's paper introduced the TASTE algorithm that maps items and users in an embedding space and recommends items by matching their text representations?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 17313?
When was the final application deadline for the PhD program? Give your answer in dd/mm/yyyy.
In spring 2024, What is the location of course 10716?
The TASTE algorithm was introduced in what paper?
When was the first three-wheeled buggy introduced?
What is the director of the MSAII program's email address?
Which program has an application date of September 30th?
What data source do authors in "Towards Open-Domain Twitter User Profile Inference" collect their public user profiles from?
For additional information about the PhD in Language and Information Technology program, who should you contact?
What are the four stages of the MultiViz method?
In spring 2024, When is the last day of Mini-3 classes?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 15210?
In fall 2023, What is the title of course 05410?
How many authors contributed to the paper Generalized Glossing Guidelines: An Explicit, Human- and Machine-Readable, Item-and-Process Convention for Morphological Annotation?
In spring 2024, How many units is course 15112 worth?
What is the name of the new class of offline policy gradient algorithms introduced in the paper "Improving Language Models with Advantage-based Offline Policy Gradients"?
How many datasets does GlobalBench currently cover?
What is Carolyn Rose's email address?
Which model performed the best in "Syntax and Semantics Meet in the “Middle”: Probing the Syntax-Semantics Interface of LMs Through Agentivity"?
Is the Wiegand Gymnasium located in the Jared L. Cohon University Center?
What's the cost in us dollars per program for the masters degrees in language technologies if you submit before the early deadline?
In fall 2024, What is the deadline for Semester add, audit & tuition adjustment drop (deadline 1)?
How many authors are on the paper "Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning"?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 15195?
Who generates ValuePrism's contextualized values?
In fall 2024, What is the deadline for Mini-2 add, audit & tuition adjustment drop (deadline 1)?
What course did Lanni teach in Spring 2023?
In fall 2023, When is the Spring 2024 Registration Week?
In spring 2024, Who is the instructor for Dissertation Research?
What is Carolyn Penstein Rose's phone number?
When was Human-Computer Interaction Institute formed?
Which professors at LTI are on leave?
Which LTI faculty member is an author on "Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF"?
What does CodeBERTScore encode in addition to the generated tokens?
In which month and year the Mascot Identity Task Force was formed?
https://github.com/searchivarius/inpars_light/
Yes a Valid CMU ID is needed 
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
1928
(412) 268 6656
1965 
Fragkiadaki, Katerina
According the OUTDOOR paper, what is one of the challenges of navigating in outdoor environments compared to indoor environments?
Randy Pausch and Jeffrey Zaslow 
Yonatan Bisk 
Proceedings of the 20th SIGMORPHON workshop on Computational Research in Phonetics, Phonology, and Morphology
Raj Reddy
Principles of Functional Programming (15-150), Principles of Imperative Computation (15-122)
https://webarena.dev/
Taylor, Michael and Kosbie, David
June 21st 
Where should robots ideally exist according to the OUTDOOR paper?
06
September 9th 
University of Washington 
4 people 
144 units 
Tepper Building Atrium 
142 Emmy Awards
Systems, Analytics, and Human Centered Data Science 
How many de-biased training examples were used for fine-tuning the pre-trained model to significantly reduce the tendency to favor any gender?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models, got published?
Office 5405 Gates and Hillman Centers
CMU ID or plain cash card 
Yonatan Bisk and Emma Strubell
What is the full name of the metric used to evaluate the performance of the models on the Squad test set in the paper PROMPT2MODEL: Generating Deployable Models from Natural Language Instructions?
Which conference is DIFFERENCE-MASKING published in?
What is the name of the proposed recommendation model in the paper "Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases"?
AI Governance: Identifying and Mitigating Risks in Design and Development of AI Solutions 
For the MCDS degree do you need to do a capstone project? Yes/no
13
June 10 
SenteCon encodes the text as a layer of interpretable categories in which each dimension corresponds to the relevance of a specific category
2023
8 Courses 
December 10 
No
Yiming Yang 
How many candidate documents were re-ranked using InPars-light compared to InPars?
1403
How much increase in throughput (multi GPU setup) does SAMA showcase in large-scale meta learning benchmarks?
What is the location of the courses that will be taught by Affara in Summer 2024?
When should the guests be seated for the start of the student procession on May 12?
1908
1967
e-commerce, social forum discussions, collaborative software development, and content management
Which LLMs were used for validation of the SPAE method?
What do the KALE vocabulary semantic concepts perform better than?
In fall 2024, When is the Semester drop deadline and withdrawal grade assigned after this date?
What does SHAP mean in SHAP-based Prediction of Mother's History of Depression to Understand the Influence on Child Behavior?
When did amusing buggies like Delta Upsilon's "Fish" and Printing Management's Bathtub disappear?
What type of requests will aligned text models refuse to answer?
Assistant professor
Levin, Lorraine
How does CSurF address sparse lexicon-based retrieval?
What does SPAE convert between?
10 target languages 
1128
1996
In the paper titled "WebArena: A Realistic Web Environment for Building Autonomous Agents", what is the success rate of the best performing GPT-3.5 model?
At what conference was "The Hidden Dance of Phonemes and Visage: Unveiling the Enigmatic Link between Phonemes and Facial Features" published at?
What is the code URL for the case studies presented in the framework tax paper?
In Prof. Fernando Diaz's paper on best-case retrieval evaluation, what is the name of the proposed metric for preference-based evaluation?
Where was "End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey" published?
Web Application Development	
76 
Maarten Sap and Jimin Mun
In which two task families does the document demonstrate MOSAIC's versatility?
Joan Axelson
Friday 09:30AM to 10:50AM
What does SYNTACC stand for from Alexander Waibel's paper?
Parallel and Sequential Data Structures and Algorithms
What does FACTORCL mean?
What is the title for 11737?
In fall 2024, When are Mid-Semester & Mini-1 grades due by 4 pm?
Which paper proposed style radiance fields?
What professor was the final author on the paper titled "Queer People are People First: Deconstructing Sexual Identity Stereotypes in Large Language Models"?
Dueling
When is the semester drop deadline for the Fall 2024 semester?
What number do all of the Biological Sciences classes start with?
According to the paper PWESUITE: Phonetic Word Embeddings and Tasks They Facilitate, what is the percentage accuracy for analogies, achieved by the count-based model on the evaluation suite?
What is the PhD program director for LTI's phone number?
Are there classes on April 11th, 2024?
The MLT program is similar to the first two years of what other program?
In fall 2023, What are the units for unit 02402?
What are the two steps in the PaintSeg painting process?
What is the course name/title for CMU 03128? 
Who is the Employment Processes Manager for LTI
In spring 2024, What is the day and time of course 17413?
Which LTI prof co-authored the "Speech collage: code-switched audio generation by collaging monolingual corpora" paper?
What's the theme for the booths at Spring Carnival this year?
In the paper "Improving Perceptual Quality, Intelligibility, and Acoustics on VoIP Platforms", which preprocessing methods were experimented with for audio data?
Who are the instructors for the data science capstone (11632)?
What is it fine-tuned on for creating StarCoder?
What Psychology course in Summer 2024 will be offered at Doha, Qatar? 
In the paper "Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation, what is the reduction in word error rates achieved by the proposed models on CallHome?
When is the annual MOBOT race?
When does the Fall 2024 course registeration start for masters students?
What is the tldr of the paper Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification?
The first author of the paper Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View is from which university?
Fringe vehicles often start with which letter?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper The Devil Is in the Errors: Leveraging Large Language Models for Fine-grained Machine Translation Evaluation, got published?
In spring 2024, What is the day and time of course 17604-C?
What is the end-to-end task success rate of the best GPT-4-based agent compared to human performance on the WebArena benchmark?
When is the democracy day in 2024?
When did the Fall Break end in 2023?
In fall 2023, What is the title of course 05431?
What is David Garlan's email address?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities, got published?
Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models"?
In spring 2024, What is the course number for Generative AI?
What is the definition of dogwhistles?
What are the two proposed subtasks for the DSTC11 automatic evaluation track?
Who was the first dean of the School of Computer Science?
When was Andrew project launched?
In Fall 2023, where was 11737 taught?
When are the grades due for the Fall 2024 semester?
What types of prompts can PaintSeg be configured to work with?
In spring 2024, When is the final deadline for withdrawing from a Mini-4 course?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 17514?
What is the corresponding author's emaill address for the SantaCoder paper?
How many authors contributed to the work Understanding Political Polarisation using Language Models: A dataset and method?
CAPTCHAs were invented by CMU researchers in 2000. What was the title of their paper?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 10301?
When does the Fall 2024 course registeration start for doctoral students?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 10601?
What type of models does the AV-SUPURB benchmark evaluate?
Who is teaching the Multimodal Machine Learning course this semester?
For LTI PhD students what room are the mailboxes and office supplies located in?
Which LTI facultly were involved in the FLARE paper?
What is the name of the proposed cross-modal fine-tuning framework in Graham's ICML 2023 work?
Who taught Urban Design Methods and Theory in Fall 2023?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Do All Languages Cost the Same? Tokenization in the Era of Commercial Language Models, got published?
In summer 2024, What is the deadline for withdrawing from a Semester course and receiving a withdrawal grade?
Is the GRE optional for the masters in language technologies application? Answer yes or no.
In fall 2024, What is the last day of Mini-1 classes?
Which two LTI professors co-authored the paper titled "Understanding Masked Autoencoders via Hierarchical Latent Variable Models"?
In "Deriving Vocal Fold Oscillation Information from Recorded Voice Signals Using Models of Phonation", what is the proposed forward-backward algorithm?
What tasks does ML-SUPERB consider?
In the KALE paper, what evaluation metrics were reported on MSMARCO?
Who all led the School of Computer Science in 1986?
What is the Gates Hillman Complex at Carnegie Mellon University's 5 digit zip code?
When was Campus Week discontinued and replaced with Spring Carnival?
Who is CMU's first official mascot?
What is the success rate of the baseline in real-world component of HomeRobot OVMM benchmark?
In fall 2023, When is the deadline to drop a Mini-1 course with a withdrawal grade assigned?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 17634?
Was Monica Harrison ever a member of the Carnegie Mellon Hall of Fame Selection Committee?
What are the four categories of low-level acoustic descriptors used in the TAP loss?
Did CMU found the world’s first university robotics department? Answer with True or False
How does using random walks to estimate entity centrality on conversation entity graphs affect answer passage ranking?
How many people from CMU co-authored the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding?
In fall 2024, What is the deadline for Mini-1 voucher election?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper An Approach to Ontological Learning from Weak Labels, got published?
What is Carolyn Penstein Rose's fax number?
According to authors of the FLARE paper, what is one limitation of existing retrieval augmented LMs?
In Yonatan Bisk's MOSAIC paper, what does MOSAIC stand for?
What is Martial Herbert's one word title, this is not the one with the word professor in it?
FLARE method from Jiang et al., was evaluated on four knowledge-intensive tasks. What are these tasks?
Where can the code of OpenMatch be found?
In spring 2024, Who are the instructors for course 15150?
What is the role of the mapping network in the proposed model in "Generating Images with Multimodal Language Models"?
Who controls the vehicles via steering and braking systems in a buggy?
On which benchmarks did the authors test FiT5's performance?
Are there any auditions to join The Kiltie Band?
Who is the current Associate Director of Athletics, Recreational Programs?
What can modeling the conversation with entity graphs be used for?
Who is ther first author of the paper Cross-Modal Fine-Tuning: Align then Refine?
In summer 2024, When do the May Mini-5 and Semester classes begin?
What is the MOS-Q achieved by the HF-GAN on the VoxCeleb test set?
Which country does LTI have a special PhD program with?
How many teams participated in the IWSLT 2023 shared tasks?
What is the DAE achieved by the CRL-COM (D) system from the paper Improving Factuality of Abstractive Summarization via Contrastive Reward Learning, on the XSUM dataset?
Which fraternity entered a keg of beer mounted on four wheels in 1960 buggy?
When was the buggy course laid out in lanes for the first time?
In summer 2024, When is Juneteenth observed and what is the University's policy on classes?
What is the DialDoc 2023 shared task about?
What LTI professor was on "KIT’s Multilingual Speech Translation System for IWSLT 2023"?
In "CONVOIFILTER: A CASE STUDY OF DOING COCKTAIL PARTY SPEECH RECOGNITION" what 3 letter metric was reduced from 80% to 26.4%?
Who is the PhD Program Director for the LTI PhD degree?
What is the title of LTI's text mining course?
What is the procedure whereby one pusher finishes pushing a buggy and the next pusher in sequence starts to push that same buggy?
Where do the rehearsals for The Kiltie Band take place?
What are the multimodal capabilities of the proposed model in "Generating Images with Multimodal Language Models"?
The MOSAIC framework from the paper titled "MOSAIC: Learning Unified Multi-Sensory Object Property Representations for Robot Perception" was evaluated on two task families. What are these task families?
Scotty was officially accepted as CMU's first mascot in which year?
What does KALE use to convert dense representations into a sparse set?
According to the MSAII handbook, who is the associate dean for masters programs?
In fall 2023, What is the last day of classes for Mini-2, Semester, and Mini-2?
What number do all of the LTI classes start with?
Who is the last author on WebArena?
In spring 2024, When do Mini-4 faculty course evaluations close?
In the IWSLT 2023 paper titled "Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation Under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology", authors tackle the task of technical speech translation. What evaluation metrics were reported for translation?
Which professor from LTI worked on the paper Advancing Regular Language Reasoning in Linear Recurrent Neural Networks?
How many credits is Linguistics Lab worth?
How do buggies move forward in the beginning of the race?
In the MCDS degree, what are the two names of the tracks you can take in your plan of study? One of these is a 16 month degree and the other is a 20 month degree. Answer with the names of the two tracks with an 'and' in between.
What is the title of the ethics course offered at LTI?
What is ESPnet-ST-v2?
What is the target duration of the LTI PhD program in years?
How many courses are offered by BXA Intercollege Degree Programs in Spring 2024 (exclude the BXA Studio courses)?
How does SenteCon affect predictive performance on downstream tasks?
What are some of the under-served languages currently identified by GlobalBench?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets, got published?
In fall 2023, When is unit 02613 on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays?
Who were the instructors for 11667?
Which LTI faculty were involved in the WebArena paper?
In spring 2024, What is the day and time of course 17645-F?
Who are all of the tenure-track associate professors in LTI?
What are the components of HomeRobot?
In fall 2023, What is the title of course 05360?
In 2011, an IBM computer defeated human champions on the “Jeopardy!” game show. What was the name of this computer?
What is the semantic notion used as a case study in "Syntax and Semantics Meet in the “Middle”: Probing the Syntax-Semantics Interface of LMs Through Agentivity"?
If you wanted to take Arts & Community Development in Fall 2023, what were the course numbers of the courses offered?
What are the 4 common MCDS core courses? List them in the following format: course number - title; course number - title; ...
What number do all of the Computational Biology classes start with?
What's the cost in us dollars per program for the masters degrees in language technologies if you submit after the early deadline?
In fall 2023, When does unit 02601 take place on Fridays?
What is the name of the proposed method that extends WavLM's joint prediction and denoising to 40k hours of data across 136 languages?
What year was Fully Unsupervised Topic Clustering of Unlabelled Spoken Audio Using Self-Supervised Representation Learning and Topic Model published?
Which instructors co-taught On-Device Machine Learning last fall?
Which class did Shinji Watanabe teach in Fall 2024?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 17537?
Are guests allowed to play in the tennis court?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 15050?
When was the first Interfraternity Sweepstakes Race held?
How many people co-authored the paper COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements?
In the CSurF paper, what evaluation metrics were reported for MSMARCO?
Where is Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification published?
What version of ChatGPT is used to extract facts in the FacTool paper?
Where is FACTORCL published?
What is the average performance improvement of Prompt2Model over gpt-3.5-turbo LLM?
What determines a buggy's aerodynamic characteristics?
How many times larger was the monoT5-3B ranker compared to the MiniLM ranker used in the InPars-Light study?
What are the benefits of using IPA over fine-tuning?
What is StarCoderBase trained on?
Who is the current head coach of men's basketball?
In spring 2024, What is the deadline for adding or dropping a Mini-3 course with tuition adjustment?
What was the total number of submissions for the IWSLT 2023 shared tasks?
When does the Spring 2025 course registeration start for sophomores?
At what conference was Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions published?
How many credits is Human Language for AI worth?
Who is the LTI director?
When did buggy rules change to include a permanent driver and four pushers along the course?
In "Pengi: An Audio Language Model for Audio Tasks," on how many downstream tasks is the model evaluated on?
In summer 2024, When is the deadline for Mini-5 vouchers?
What is the name of the initiative introduced to track and incentivize the global development of equitable language technology?
What was David A. Tepper School of Business's original name?
In spring 2024, How many units is course 10605?
Who propels a buggy via a pushbar along one of the five hills of the buggy course?
Did Andy Warhol graduate from CMU? Answer with True or False
What tasks does ESPnet-ST-v2 support?
In the Paaploss paper, what does the neural network estimator developed in the study predict?
When did Kappa Kappa Gamma enter the first all-women’s team in buggy history?
In fall 2023, What is the title of course 05318?
When does the Spring Carnival start in Spring 2025 semester?
Which languages are included in the dataset released by "Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding"?
Which faculty were involved in the CSurF paper?
In fall 2023, Who are the instructors for course 05380?
What kind of vulnerabilities do diffusion models have according to the paper "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models"?
In fall, who were the instructors for the Introduction to Deep Learning course at LTI?
In spring 2024, What is the title of course 17356?
How many courses is Sindi teaching in Spring 2024?
Which two institutes merged together to form the current day Carnegie Mellon University?
Who is the current assistnat coach of women's basketball?
Who is teaching the question answering course at LTI?
Which LTI class is offered in Kigali, Rwanda?
How many languages does ML-SUPERB cover?
Who is teaching the "Ethics and Decision Making in Architecture" in Spring 2024? 
What are some of the metrics incorporated in Pentathlon for efficiency evaluation?
How many parameters does the chain-of-skills model have?
What LTI professor co-authored "CONVOIFILTER: A CASE STUDY OF DOING COCKTAIL PARTY SPEECH RECOGNITION"?
What is the GitHub URL where MultiViz is available?
What number do all of the Chemistry classes start with?
How many authors from FACTORCL are from Carnegie Mellon University?
In spring 2024, When are Mid-Semester and Mini-3 grades due?
In the BASS paper from Interspeech 2023, what is the solution proposed to address the issue with training end-to-end speech summarization models on very large inputs?
What is the mechanism that is critical to language learning in young children?
How many authors are listed on the SPAE paper?
What is the BERTScore achieved by BASS-adapt on the How-2 test set?
What was the model used for early buggies in the 1930s?
Which two LLMs were explored in the SPAE paper?
What is the contact number of the Fitness Operations Manager?
How many components or phases are in the MultiBench toolkit pipeline?
How many scientific challenges in spoken language translation did the IWSLT 2023 shared tasks address?
Who is the first author of "Reverse-Engineering Decoding Strategies Given Blackbox Access to a Language Generation System"?
According to ChatGPT MT, what is the most important feature in determining ChatGPT's relative ability to translate a language?
What is the proposed approach in the paper "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View"?
Which datasets were used in the evaluation of KALE method?
Who is the main instructor for the search engines course?
In spring 2024, When do Mini-4 classes begin?
Has Professor Carolyn Rose worked on Automatic Essay Scoring?
In the paper "Imprecise Label Learning: A Unified Framework for Learning with Various Imprecise Label Configurations", what does ILL leverage for modeling the imprecise label information?
What is the target duration of the LTI PhD program in months?
In spring 2024, What is the voucher deadline for Mini-3?
For additional information about the LT concentration for undergraduates, who should you contact?
In spring 2024, When is the final deadline for withdrawing from a Mini-3 course?
In which year did The Kiltie Band have their first official performance?
What is the name of the open-scientific collaboration working on the responsible development of Large Language Models for Code?
Which shared task does "Language-Agnostic Transformers and Assessing ChatGPT-Based Query Rewriting for Multilingual Document-Grounded QA" focus on?
In the paper "A Vector Quantized Approach for Text to Speech Synthesis on Real-World Spontaneous Speech", what type of data did the authors use to train their TTS systems?
In spring 2024, When is Martin Luther King Day observed?
Which LTI faculty members are authors on the WebArena paper?
Where is advanced NLP taught this semester?
In spring 2024, When are final examinations for the semester and Mini-4?
What is the outer structure or covering of a buggy called?
In fall 2023, When are the final grades due for the semester?
What is one limitation of lexical exact-match systems?
In fall 2023, Who is the instructor for unit 02261 on Wednesdays?
In which types of benchmarks has SoftMatch shown substantial improvements?
In spring 2024, Who is the instructor for Advanced Deep Learning?
Where is the President's Graduates Toast for bachelor's students going to be held?
What does CLIP stand for?
Which independent organization set a course record of 2:06.20 in 1988 buggy?
Does LTI offer a course on large language models?
What's the title for 11700?
In the study "On the Interactions of Structural Constraints and Data Resources for Structured Prediction", what are the three structured prediction tasks evaluated?
In Justine Cassell's recent SIGDIAL paper, what feature does the study find to have a significant impact on hedge prediction?
What site can I visit for more information about CMU's COVID policies?
What is the name of the author of the paper The Hidden Dance of Phonemes and Visage: Unveiling the Enigmatic Linkbetween Phonemes and Facial Features who is from Max Planck Institute?
In which semester do the Buggy Races happen?
When did Andrew Carnegie emigrate from Scotland to Pittsburgh?
What issue is reciprocal rank found to have?
What is the proposed method for grounding pre-trained text-only language models to the visual domain?
In fall 2023, What is the course title for unit 02090?
How many months is the shorter track of the MIIS program?
Is the university open on January 15th 2024?
What are some diffusion models mentioned in the document, "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models"?
In fall 2023, Who are the instructors for course 05430?
In fall 2024, When are Fall Deans' Lists Posted?
In the ICTIR paper, what does KALE stand for?
What time in eastern time was the final application deadline for the PhD program in language and information technology? Give your answer in 12h time format with either an am or pm label.
Which LTI faculty was a contributor on the HomeRobot paper?
When did CMU get its first IBM 650 computer?
In the Plan, Eliminate and Track paper, what percentage gain did the proposed framework achieve over the state-of-the-art?
How many scenes were included in the HomeRobot OVMM benchmark?
In the paper "Prompting the Hidden Talent of Web-Scale Speech Models for Zero-Shot Task Generalization, what are the three unseen tasks investigated for Whisper model?
When was the last day of classes for the Fall 2023 semester?
What is reciprocal rank used to measure?
How many authors are on SantaCoder paper?
In fall 2024, What is the deadline for Mini-1 Pass/no pass & withdrawal?
What number do all of the Integrated Innovation Institute classes start with in Summer 2024?
What number do all of the Civil & Environmental Engineering classes start with?
In spring 2025, When do the first day of classes for the winter semester take place?
How many authors contributed to the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code?
Which section of the freeroll portion of the buggy course do buggies make a sharp right-hand turn?
What was  H. John Heinz III College previously called?
What is the full name of the conference where the paper Transformed Protoform Reconstruction, got published?
When is the buggy bash at the spring carnival?
When will the Spring Break end in 2024?
What are the two innovative designs of StyleRF?
What is the technique used by Pengi to leverage Transfer Learning?
In the paper "Quantifying & Modeling Feature Interactions: An Information Decomposition Framework", in which areas are the real-world applicability of the proposed approach demonstrated?
In the paper "Accelerating Diffusion-based Combinatorial Optimization Solvers by Progressive Distillation", what is the performance degradation of the progressively distilled model on the TSP-50 dataset?
In fall 2023, Who is the instructor for course 05432?
When will the Spring Break start in 2024?
In fall 2023, What is the course title for unit 02801?
What does the MLT program prepare students for?
How many authors does the WebArena paper have?
How many modalities does the MultiBench benchmark include?
How many datasets does the MultiBench benchmark include?
What computation is offloaded to a k-nearest-neighbor (kNN) index in the Unlimiformer approach?
Is chalk permitted in the Fitness Centre at the Jared L. Cohon University Center?
What is the novel architecture introduced in the paper "Efficient Sequence Transduction by Jointly Predicting Tokens and Durations"?
What is the effect of training speakers with a highly weighted ToM listener component?
When are the Spring 2024 grades due for graduating students?
What dataset does the BASS paper by Bhiksha Raj's group evaluate on?
What are the three aspects assessed by the holistic evaluation in MultiZoo & MultiBench?
What LTI professor was on "SYNTACC : Synthesizing Multi-Accent Speech By Weight Factorization"?
What is the contact number of the Director of Sports Medicine?
When were Simon and Newell of CMU awarded the Turing award?
