Interest in open educational resources (OER) has grown recently due to many external factors, including 
the restrictive, unsustainable and expensive business models for teaching materials that are being used by 
some publishers. In February 2021, the libraries of the UK White Rose University Consortium (White Rose 
Libraries) initiated a research project to explore the potential of OER and to create guidance in the form 
of an OER toolkit that could be used across all three institutions, and more widely. The project also aimed 
to seek improvements in the discovery of OER in the Ex Libris Primo discovery service which is used by 
all three libraries. This article outlines the methodology used to ascertain the needs of the libraries’ user 
groups to inform the development of the toolkit. A survey of academic staff across all three institutions 
was conducted, followed by user experience interviews. The survey findings established that more than 
half of respondents knew little or nothing about OER, and over half also said that they would be likely or 
extremely likely to consider using or adapting OER, clearly demonstrating the need for more awareness 
raising and guidance. The survey interview findings were then used to develop and refine the toolkit.Collaborating to support the 
use and development of open 
educational resources: a White Rose 
Libraries research project
Keywords
open educational resources; user experience; higher education; open education; 
library collaboration
Introduction
White Rose Libraries is a collaboration between the library services of the three partner 
institutions of the White Rose University Consortium, these being the Universities of Leeds, 
Sheffield and York. Taking advantage of the geographic proximity of the Universities, 
their similar strategic and operational focus as large research libraries and the existing 
links between their researchers, students and staff, the White Rose Libraries have worked 
together since 2004 on a number of initiatives that have allowed them to pool resources 
and expertise.Insights  – 36, 2023
Collaborating to support OER development | Helen Moore et al.
HELEN MOORE
Faculty Librarian 
for Engineering and 
Science
University Library
University of 
Sheffield
DAVID CURTIS
Academic Liaison 
Librarian
University Library
University of York
ALISON HAZELAAR
Assistant Manager 
Metadata and 
Discovery
University Library
University of Leeds
MARIA MAWSON
Faculty Librarian for 
Social Sciences
University Library
University of 
Sheffield
SIMON ROBINSON
Learning Advisor
University Library
University of Leeds2 The White Rose Libraries open educational resources (OER) project was initiated in 2021, 
and drivers for the project included restrictions on access to physical library stock during 
the Covid-19 pandemic lockdowns, unsustainable and expensive business models for the 
provision of many e-books, as well as a growing interest in open and sustainable education.
The universities represented in the project are partners in other open 
endeavours, including White Rose Research Online, White Rose eTheses 
Online and White Rose University Press. They all use Ex Libris discovery 
services. Developing support for a new service is resource intensive and 
it made sense to share the work and draw on the experience of each 
institution. This long history of collaboration at all levels within our 
organizations provided a solid start for the project.
OER are defined in the UNESCO Recommendation on OER1 as ‘learning, 
teaching and research materials in any format and medium that reside in 
the public domain or are under copyright that have been released under an 
open licence, that permit no-cost access, re-use, re-purpose, adaptation 
and redistribution by others’. Within each of the three White Rose institutions, pockets of 
work were already taking place around OER (for example Leeds already had an OER policy 
in place and Sheffield was piloting the use of Pressbooks), or there was an active interest in 
exploring the potential of OER.
The project’s aims were:
•	academic engagement to establish awareness and support needs around the use of 
OER in teaching
•	the creation of an advocacy toolkit for use by all three institutions that supports 
academic staff who want to use or create OER, as well as supporting library staff to 
assist academics
•	the development of one or more case studies that help both library colleagues and 
academic staff to see what is possible and how it may be achieved
•	upskilling, improved knowledge and confidence of library staff to enable effective 
support for academics in sourcing, adopting, adapting and creating OER
•	the identification of areas of good practice in other UK higher education institutions
•	seeking improvements from Ex Libris in OER discovery and exploring ways in which 
existing collections of OER can be reviewed and activated in Primo.
Literature review
To inform the development of the project, and the choice of methodologies, the team 
conducted a literature review using the question ‘How do university libraries support the 
use and creation of open educational resources? ’. Literature was identified from Scopus, 
ProQuest Education, LISA and Library Literature via EBSCO, focussing primarily on articles 
published in the years 2018–2021. The review also included material 
identified by the project team in the early stages of the project. Most of 
the literature identified emanated from the USA, where a key driver for 
OER programmes is to reduce textbook costs for students. There were 
fewer examples from the UK and other geographies.
Reed and Jahre2 reviewed the state of library support for OER in the USA, 
finding that many libraries administer grant programmes to incentivize 
and compensate faculty for their time and effort in implementing OER into 
their programmes. The article also discussed the challenge of ensuring 
the ongoing sustainability of supporting OER and other challenges posed 
by publishers, such as ‘inclusive access’ models where textbook costs are 
built into student fees, or campus-wide e-textbook subscriptions that are 
likely to increase costs for libraries.‘drivers for the 
project included … 
unsustainable and 
expensive business 
models for the 
provision of many 
e-books’
‘the team conducted 
a literature review 
using the question 
“How do university 
libraries support the 
use and creation of 
open educational 
resources?”’3 McGowan3 used content analysis methodology on a sample of 37 US regionally based higher 
education institutional websites to determine the current state of institutional support 
mechanisms relating to OER. The research identified a focus on grant-funded initiatives 
and found that 48% of the sample initiatives were sponsored by university libraries. The 
study concluded that although the availability of grants was becoming more widespread, 
there were questions about sustainability and permanency. Future growth would be likely to 
depend on robust evidence of reduced student costs and other positive impacts.
Articles by Crozier4, Katz5 and Santos6 discussed institutional OER initiatives, including 
advocacy, awareness and the development of library administered grant programmes to 
encourage the adoption of OER in place of traditional textbooks. Davis7 and Pate8 both refer 
to the use of library resources alongside OER initiatives to help reduce student costs.
Advocacy and support for the adoption of existing OER are more widespread than initiatives 
supporting the creation of OER, according to Santiago and Ray9 in an article discussing 
the use of Pressbooks at the Universities of Houston and Washington. At Emporia State 
University, Sarah Sutton10 received a grant to help her replace a traditional textbook with 
a series of OER video interviews, subsequently joining an OER task force at Emporia. Her 
article outlines the planned work of the task force and the challenges faced, including 
faculty time and incentives, intellectual property rights, student preference for print texts 
over digital, visibility and the quality of OER.
In some studies, surveys of faculty were undertaken to inform the development of OER 
programmes. Walton11 discusses the importance of collaborative working between relevant 
services and the establishment of a community of practice (CoP) to support OER in their 
institution. As a first step to improving awareness of OER, it was clear that an environmental 
scan was needed, and with this in mind the library ran a survey that was distributed by 
e-mail to all faculty members. This was completed by 17% of faculty and was important 
as a means of establishing a baseline and in developing the work of the CoP. The survey 
identified that finding suitable OER was a barrier, and, like many other institutions, the 
library has developed a one-stop-shop library guide12 to help address this.
Todorinova and Wilkinson13 reported on a survey undertaken at Rutgers University to assess 
the impact of an OER adoption incentivization programme. The survey results indicated 
some confusion about the difference between OER and other free internet resources 
and, had this information been available sooner, the programme may have been designed 
differently to incorporate more awareness raising or training:
‘While the OAT project team designed this study primarily as assessment of the OAT 
program, this kind of survey might have been particularly useful if administered to a 
larger, more representative sample of faculty prior to the creation of the program.’14
The searches retrieved a small number of studies from areas beyond the USA. A survey 
undertaken by Zaid and Alabi15 sought to identify levels of awareness, use and sustainability 
mechanisms for OER initiatives in Nigerian universities, finding that many participants 
were not aware of the OER initiatives adopted by their universities. Ponte, Lennox and 
Hurley16 discussed using the experience gained by RMIT University Library staff on a visit 
to British Columbia to further the development of OER in Australia with the Open Textbook 
Initiative as a focal point. A survey by Mwinyimbegu17 employed a questionnaire circulated 
to university librarians and documentary review to find out about levels of awareness and 
support for discovery and use of OER in Tanzanian university libraries.
The searches retrieved a very limited number of results relating to the UK, even when the 
parameters were widened to include results from earlier years. A case study based on a 
survey of teaching staff at Edge Hill University18 aimed to investigate awareness of and 
participation in the open content movement. Although respondents were receptive to the 
idea of sharing their own content, there was little formal, large-scale sharing using suitable 
licences. More recent literature suggests that little progress has been made since that study 
was conducted. The UK Open Textbook Report19 concluded that although awareness and 
knowledge of OER and open textbooks is typically very low in the UK higher education 4 sector, once educators were made aware of them, they expressed significant interest in 
their adoption. Pool20 provides a short overview of OER in the UK and refers to the gap 
in OER development between the USA and the UK, acknowledging that the drivers are 
very different. In the USA, textbook affordability for students is key, whereas in the UK, 
expensive and unsustainable e-textbook publisher models for libraries make it challenging 
to provide access for students. The article also discusses plans for an e-textbook platform 
at University College London (UCL) and mentions that one of the top ten downloaded books 
from the UCL Press is an open access textbook.
A case study of two Scottish academic libraries providing OER services21 
aimed to investigate why and how Scottish university libraries support 
open educational resources, and to assess their ability to provide 
support services for their development and use within higher education 
institutions. Motivating factors were to support teaching and learning 
and to develop educator digital skills and copyright knowledge. The 
study found low levels of awareness, use and creation of OER and 
while acknowledging that library staff have the commitment and skills 
to support OER, it also highlighted the importance of institutional 
commitment, incentives for educator engagement and an understanding of 
copyright and licensing issues by educators and library staff.
A survey of open education in European libraries of higher education prepared by SPARC22 
surveyed 146 libraries from 28 European countries, 16 of which were from the UK, including 
the Universities of Leeds and Sheffield. The survey report found that, ‘libraries provide a 
supportive role much more consistently than they do a leading role in areas addressed by 
this survey.’23 Respondents were asked to identify challenges and opportunities relating to 
OER, and policy, culture and environment, people, resources, quality and access were all 
mentioned as both challenges and opportunities. However, more respondents identified 
the challenges rather than the opportunities presented by most of these areas, the only 
exception being the area of quality and access. The report concluded with a number of 
recommendations for libraries to act on, including stepping up advocacy, identifying and 
developing the necessary staff skills, devoting some library budget to OER, consideration of 
funding incentivization grants and taking leadership.
Given the limited amount of literature relating to research conducted by UK higher 
education libraries, we concluded that the White Rose Libraries OER project would fill 
a gap. The studies covered by the review employed a range of research methodologies, 
including surveys and questionnaires, focus groups, case studies 
and content analysis, but none referred to user experience (UX) 
methodologies. We therefore decided to employ UX methodology 
alongside a survey of academic staff, concluding that this would make the 
project particularly innovative.
Methodology
The project team was keen to ensure from the outset that the project 
received ethics approval so that the terms for future use of the data 
collected were agreed and understood. This was obtained before we 
started any data collection, and a data sharing agreement and data 
management plan were put in place between the three institutions. 
Despite this part of the process being quite cumbersome and time-
consuming, particularly because it involved three universities, it was well worth the effort 
and provided peace of mind. It encouraged us to consider data storage, access, security, 
integrity and confidentiality as well as potential future uses of the data. Two shared primary 
folders were set up, each with different access arrangements, one for project documentation 
and the other for data.‘one of the top ten 
downloaded books 
from the UCL Press 
is an open access 
textbook’
‘Given the limited 
amount of literature 
relating to research 
conducted by UK 
higher education 
libraries, we concluded 
that the White Rose 
Libraries OER project 
would fill a gap’5 Another of the challenges of working across institutions was identifying the aims and 
scope of the work and articulating early on what each one wanted from the project. Each 
institution put forward project sponsors, drawn from library leadership teams, who met 
regularly as a group. Initial documentation was signed off by the sponsors and the project 
team sent monthly reports to this group. The project’s success relied on sponsors who were 
committed and engaged throughout.
Having project team members from different universities meant we were 
able to draw on a much wider pool of knowledge and expertise beyond the 
small project team. The project team of five people comprised teaching 
librarians, teaching and research librarians, and a metadata specialist. This 
composition reflected where the main drivers for OER were coming from 
(academics who teach) and the metadata skills we anticipated would be 
needed to aid the discovery of OER. 
Following the decision by the group to undertake a search of the available literature, which 
highlighted a need for a new understanding of academics’ awareness of and attitudes to 
open educational resources, the project team opted to assess these in two ways. Firstly, 
a survey was conducted with academic staff in all three institutions, which resulted in 70 
responses. Secondly, the project team ran a series of UX interviews involving 13 volunteers. 
The literature search had suggested that this would be an innovative approach. The 
methodology and results are discussed in more detail in the following sections.
Although the survey and UX work provided meaningful insights into peoples’ perceptions 
of OER, highlighting work streams to take forward, the broader project group also wanted 
a tangible outcome in the form of a ‘toolkit’ which could be used to upskill both teaching 
colleagues and library colleagues. The survey and the UX interviews were conducted with 
this in mind, seeking to identify appropriate material to include in the toolkit and ensuring 
that it met user requirements.
Survey and findings
One of the aims of the OER project was engagement with the academic 
community to establish academic awareness and to inform the 
development of library support services for OER. SPARC Europe conducts 
an annual survey of open education in European libraries of higher 
education, but this is directed at libraries, not individual academic staff. 
The literature review undertaken for the project found several articles 
about projects in higher education libraries in the US and elsewhere that 
included surveys of academic staff, but nothing similar by UK higher 
education libraries in recent years.
The development of the survey was informed by examples from other institutions, including 
the University of Hawaii24 and the Faculty of Health and Life Sciences at De Montfort 
University.25 The survey was designed in Google Forms and started with some background 
information about the project (see Supplemental files). To comply with good research 
practice and ethics, the survey was anonymous and did not automatically collect names 
or e-mail addresses, and the introductory section of the survey explained this. Survey 
participants who were interested in being more involved in the research, such as taking part 
in interviews, were invited to provide contact details so that they could be contacted at a 
later date.
Before the survey was launched, an academic colleague from the University of Sheffield, 
who had previously indicated an interest in the project and was willing to be a critical friend, 
was approached for feedback about it. Their feedback was used to make minor amendments 
to the survey, and it was then circulated to teaching staff in all institutions using appropriate 
local channels during December 2021 and January 2022.‘The project’s success 
relied on sponsors who 
were committed and 
engaged throughout’
‘the broader project 
group … wanted a 
tangible outcome in 
the form of a “toolkit” 
which could be used to 
upskill both teaching 
colleagues and library 
colleagues’6 About the participants
There were 70 responses, 15.7% from Leeds, 60% from Sheffield, 24.3% from York. Twenty 
participants across all three universities provided their names and e-mail addresses to 
indicate that they would be interested in further participation.
Participants were asked to say what discipline they taught using the categories provided 
by the HESA (UK Higher Education Statistics Agency). Nineteen different categories were 
selected, the most common being social science (27%), language and area studies (13%), 
education and teaching (10%), nursing, midwifery and health (8.6%), engineering and 
technology (8.6%), geographical and environmental studies (8.6%).
Participants were asked to say how long they had been teaching in higher education 
(Figure 1). Two thirds had more than ten years’ experience, so a clear majority were 
experienced practitioners.
Figure 1. How long have you been teaching at higher education level?
Participants were also asked to say at which levels they taught: 88.6% taught 
undergraduates, 77.1% postgraduate taught students and 65.7% postgraduate research 
students. This suggested that a significant number taught across all those levels. The 
numbers teaching at other levels were much smaller (5.7% foundation, 1.4% professional 
development, 1.4% researchers).
Selecting material for teaching
Participants were asked to indicate who was responsible for selecting the materials used 
for teaching on their courses. There were 64.3% who selected their own material, with 30% 
indicating a more combined approach involving current and previous module leaders and 
teaching committees. This suggested that most participants had significant autonomy in 
this area.
Participants were also asked to rate which considerations they applied when choosing 
material. Appropriateness of content and availability through the library were the two most 
important considerations, with price, simultaneous access and ease of access for students 
showing as lower considerations.
Participants were asked to say how familiar they were with OER (Figure 2). Although 45% 
considered themselves very or somewhat familiar, 28% knew very little and 25% had never 
heard of them, indicating that there was a need for more awareness raising and advocacy.
Participants were asked to indicate from a range of options how they would find OER for 
their teaching. The top three tools selected were Google (55.7%), library catalogue (48.6%) 
and the Open Textbook Library (11.4%). There were 24.3% who said they would ask teaching 
colleagues and 22.9% who said they would ask colleagues in the library. A further 20% said 
they had never looked for OER and 17.1% said they had never heard of OER. One person said 
they use their own OER.7
Figure 2. How familiar are you with open educational resources?
This section of the survey also asked about awareness of Creative Commons licensing. A 
clear majority considered themselves somewhat (62.9%) or very (15.7%) familiar with them, 
but 12.9% said they did not know how to use or interpret them, and 8.6% had never heard of 
them, indicating a need for more information and guidance.
Use, adaptation and creation of OER
Participants were asked how likely they were to consider using or adapting existing OER 
in their teaching (Figure 3). More than half (59.4%) were likely or very likely to do so, with 
34.8% undecided. When asked what factors would influence them to use OER, the most 
highly ranked answers were better awareness of OER (74.3%), certainty about the quality 
(72.9%), time to find them (60%), ability to tailor them appropriately (54.3%) and belief 
in open education (40%). This indicated that in addition to awareness raising, guidance 
relating to the assessment and evaluation of material would be beneficial, which could also 
include reviews of OER.
Figure 3. Thinking about your own teaching, how likely are you to consider using, adapting existing OER, or 
creating your own OER?
When asked how likely they were to create their own OER, 32.9% said they were likely or 
very likely to do so, with 47.1% undecided. When asked what factors would influence the 
creation of OER, the most highly ranked answers were having dedicated time (64.6%), 
having administrative and technical support and infrastructure (50.8%), the ability to create 
material specifically for their curriculum (50.8%), better awareness (44.6%) and incentives 
or recognition (43.1%). Other significant factors were better understanding of Creative 
Commons licences (38.5%), a belief in open education (40%) and a belief that creating OER 
would enhance the university’s reputation (30.8%).
Participants were asked if they had created any OER themselves and, if so, what types of 
material. There were 70.3% who said they had not created any OER. The top three types of 8 material that respondents said they had created were videos (18.8%), lesson plans (12.5%) 
and software programs (9.4%), with smaller numbers creating textbooks, games, quizzes, 
audio material, case studies and images.
Reasons for not being interested in OER were not having time to create them (53%), not 
having time to find them (37.9%), no time to learn how to use them (31.8%) and uncertainty 
about quality (30.3%). Some participants (24.2%) were unsure about how their university 
or department viewed OER, suggesting that clearer policies and guidance could make some 
difference.
Participants were asked to rank the areas of support that they would like to help them 
learn more about using, adapting and creating OER. The top ranked areas were guidance 
on finding and using them (70.3%), availability of an institutional policy (51.6%), sources 
of funding or other incentives (40.6%), guidance on authoring open textbooks (34.4%), 
copyright and IP guidance (32.8%) and how to licence OER (29.7%).
Additional comments
At the end of the survey, participants were invited to leave further comments, and seven 
participants did so. One related to challenges surrounding the use of third-party images in 
OER. Another commented that they taught in a niche area and OER did not seem particularly 
relevant to them. One individual said they had had considerable experience of creating 
OER for different audiences. Another said they used resources that were openly available, 
including open software, but they were unsure if these could be defined as OER.
There was a comment from someone who had recently published a textbook with Oxford 
University Press, and who had negotiated terms that allowed a preprint version to be posted 
on the shared White Rose repository. The individual was willing to share the contract clause 
with others. Another participant commented that:
‘The main issue for me is a lack of institutional policy … I would also like to see the 
narrative balanced, to encourage sourcing and using material from elsewhere to 
encourage diversity, rather than just using it for marketing/recruitment means.’
The final comment was from somebody who wanted to make course materials openly 
available:
‘We are currently forming a position and a strategy on this work but would love 
central guidance and support. It seems that open sourcing as part of research is 
strongly encouraged, but teaching is bizarrely frowned upon.’
This participant went on to comment that the use of OER could potentially be seen as 
reducing the value of the institution’s degrees.
Key findings
•	the general levels of awareness of OER indicated in the survey demonstrated the 
need for more information, guidance and advocacy
•	concerns about the quality of OER suggested that further information and guidance 
in this area would be beneficial
•	better awareness and understanding of licensing and copyright issues is needed, 
including Creative Commons licences.
Several areas that would benefit from wider investigation in each institution were identified:
•	having enough time to find and evaluate or create OER was a key consideration and, 
although in some circumstances resources could be made available for library staff to 
support these activities, it is more likely that teaching staff would prefer an adjust -
ment to their workload allocation to enable this9 •	other enabling factors such as having administrative and technical support and infra -
structure, and sources of funding or other incentives, including recognition for OER 
use and creation 
•	a significant number of participants (24.2%) said they were unsure about how their 
university or department viewed OER, and 51.6% said that an institutional policy 
would be useful in supporting them to engage more with OER. The University of 
Leeds already had an OER policy in place, and this was raised in interviews with aca -
demic colleagues from there.
Academic engagement and user experience
As part of the survey, respondents were invited to put themselves forward for semi-
structured interviews. The interviewees had provided their contact details in their response 
to the survey, indicating that they were interested in further participation. The interviews 
enabled us to gather more detailed data and to follow up further on some of the issues 
raised in the survey. Three rounds of interviews took place. These were conducted online. 
Two members of the project team took part – one to lead the discussion and one to take 
notes. The interviews were recorded, with the permission of the interviewees, to supplement 
the notes and the recordings were subsequently deleted once the notes had been written up.
The first round of interviews took place in January 2022 with four academics from 
different departments at the University of York. The purpose was to gain insight into how 
they created their reading lists and found materials to include, specifically exploring the 
availability of OER and their inclusion on those lists. A thematic analysis was conducted and 
a copy of the report can be found in the Supplemental files. Suggestions from the first round 
about what should be included in the toolkit included:
•	a section that specifically focuses on the accessibility checking of materials for 
people with physical or learning disabilities
•	highlight the availability of OER after leaving higher education
•	a one-stop area for access so there isn’t a need for students to navigate multiple ac -
cess points
•	a section on diversity and inclusivity
•	case studies giving examples of good practice.
There were also questions raised about the likelihood of the White Rose 
University Press publishing OER and the options for the storage of OER 
provided by our institutions.
The second round of interviews took place in April 2022 with four 
academics from different departments at the Universities of Sheffield and 
Leeds. The themes for discussion were the discovery, use and creation 
of OER, evaluation of OER, licensing and institutional OER policies. A 
thematic analysis report can be found in the Supplemental files, and 
the data collected informed the development of the toolkit. There was a 
broader range of comments from this round but the main points that came 
across were around how we share, distribute and store OER materials, and that all three 
institutions should have an OER policy. Some basic cosmetic changes were highlighted, with 
one being a quick guide on the front page of the toolkit highlighting some key principles.
The third round of interviews was conducted in July and August 2022, and coincided with 
the soft launch of the beta version of the toolkit. The purpose was to gather feedback to 
help us refine and finalize the toolkit in preparation for a full launch in the autumn. Five 
interviews were conducted with participants from all three institutions. This round proved to 
be very valuable with regard to the functionality of the website and what content we should 
include or exclude. We asked our participants to talk us through the website, telling us what ‘the main points … 
were around how we 
share, distribute and 
store OER materials, 
and that all three 
institutions should 
have an OER policy’10 they liked, disliked or did not understand. A report was written for this set of interviews (see 
the Supplemental files) and the findings were split into short- and long-term goals. The main 
suggestions received were:
•	highlight the key differences between standard commercial textbooks, open access 
books and open textbooks
•	ensure the OER collections on the ‘finding’ page reflect diversity
•	emphasize the availability of OER to students after graduation
•	improve the site navigation in response to user feedback
•	develop case studies around existing OER within White Rose Libraries to illustrate 
the breadth of examples
•	create our own introductory video featuring local academic staff
•	explore ways of including student views on OER.
Developing the toolkit
Five months into the project, once we had designed the survey, the project group had 
preliminary discussions about what format a toolkit might take. We considered both 
LibGuides and Google Sites as possible platforms, opting for the latter because it provided 
more options for layout and it made collaboration across institutions easier. In advance 
of the survey results we created a skeleton structure, suggesting sections on: introducing, 
finding, evaluating, creating, adapting and licensing.
Once the survey had closed and the results analysed, we created a spreadsheet containing 
possible topics and links for inclusion under each of the toolkit sections, based on feedback 
from the survey and the first round of interviews. Project members each took responsibility 
for one or more sections. Simultaneously, we explored best practice in terms of site 
accessibility. We had a first draft of the toolkit content ten months after the start of the 
project. Adding an ‘about’ section was a decision we took a little later, and it provided space 
where we could explain about the White Rose Libraries collaboration and share data from 
the project. We also had a very brief discussion to confirm that we wanted to licence the 
toolkit under a CC BY licence.
The project group identified several individuals from other higher education institutions 
in the UK and Europe who could act as critical friends and provide constructive feedback. 
We also chose to share the draft toolkit with survey respondents and interviewees who had 
indicated a willingness to stay involved with the project. For several months we kept a link to 
a feedback form on the site and at our regular project meetings we went through the latest 
feedback and considered each suggestion. This feedback was a valuable addition to the 
comments we had received from those who participated in the third round of interviews.
At this point, the project group arranged to embed links to the toolkit in each institution’s 
web pages and to actively promote the resource at every available opportunity. The toolkit 
had a ‘soft’ launch in September 2022 at an OpenFest event run by Sheffield, before 
being formally launched during Open Access Week in October 2022 at an event led by the 
University of Leeds.
Discovery of OER
The aims of this element of the project were to:
•	compare current practice in OER discovery in Primo across the White Rose Libraries
•	identify best practice in OER discovery in other higher education institutions11 •	investigate the viability of joint action across the sector to lobby Ex Libris on issues 
such as improved functionality for displaying OER licence information and the vis -
ibility and filtering of OER in Primo.
Work was taken forward by a project sub-group of discovery and metadata specialists from 
each institution, co-ordinated by one of the project managers from the University of Leeds. 
The group established that the White Rose Libraries generally have the same open access 
e-book collections represented in Alma and Primo. These were a mixture of Community 
Zone (CZ) and local records. The Community Zone is the shared Alma knowledge base and 
discovery catalogue. There was duplication between the collections, but the project team 
agreed that there was no requirement to hold exactly the same collections. The larger 
collections were not necessarily the most used. Work at the University of York established 
that smaller collections were often more widely used than a large collection. The group has 
discussed the pros and cons of having local records rather than Alma’s CZ records. The 
metadata in CZ records was often poor compared to local records, and local records were 
therefore often more discoverable in Primo. The group is working towards ensuring that all 
local open access records are tagged and clearly display the open access icon in Primo.
The group also looked at the availability of licence information relating to OER. Licence 
information is not recorded consistently in MARC bibliographic data fields, and sometimes 
not at all. This is being raised through the Alma Ideas Exchange. The University of Leeds 
is planning a small-scale scoping project looking at how different licence options can be 
displayed and selected with facets in Primo.
The project group used the Ex Libris Alma and Primo mailing lists to ask 
how other institutions were making their OER collections discoverable. 
Only three responses were received, which were from universities in the 
USA and Australia, suggesting that this may not be a priority for the UK 
sector at the moment.
As the White Rose OER Toolkit has developed, the University of Leeds 
has been working on a Resource Recommender which directs the user to 
the toolkit from a Primo search for OER. This has been implemented in all 
three institutions.
There is a need for further work in the future, including developing criteria for evaluating 
OER records and collections, improving the availability of licence information, and 
continuing the work started by Leeds to increase the visibility of the toolkit. However, it 
has been recognized that any continued development would require significant time from 
metadata teams, and this needs to be considered further by each institution.
Concluding remarks
The research project concluded in late 2022, with the launch of the 
toolkit and the submission of a final project report and recommendations 
for consideration by the White Rose Libraries Innovation Board. The 
recommendations noted that ongoing collaboration and resources will 
be required to maintain and update the toolkit, and also suggested that 
there is scope for further research and collaboration to develop other 
aspects of OER, in particular the searchability and visibility of OER in 
library discovery services. The White Rose Libraries Innovation Board 
has proposed an OER working group which will oversee the ongoing 
development and promotion of the toolkit, identify and assess new 
opportunities to collaborate further in the field of OER and monitor 
sector developments.
There is also scope for further work at institutional level, and the survey results and other 
project findings have already contributed to the development of an OER Policy at the 
University of Sheffield, which was approved in December 2022.‘any continued 
development would 
require significant time 
from metadata teams, 
and this needs to be 
considered further by 
each institution’
‘The White Rose 
Libraries Innovation 
Board has proposed 
an OER working group 
which will oversee the 
ongoing development 
and promotion of the 
toolkit’12 Working across the White Rose Libraries to plan and deliver the project brought a number 
of challenges. It took a while to establish ways of working and communicating that were 
effective for everybody, and there were some technological barriers to overcome to enable 
us to share data and documentation. The processes for gaining ethics approval and setting 
up a data sharing agreement were complex and time-consuming due to the involvement 
of three separate institutions but provided a valuable learning opportunity. The challenges 
were, however, outweighed by the benefits of sharing different skills and experience, and 
being able to gather data and viewpoints from a wider academic community in the survey 
and UX interviews.
The literature review found few items relating to research on OER in 
UK higher education libraries, suggesting that there is scope for further 
research and collaboration to support the use and development of OER 
across the sector. The survey questions used in this research are shared in 
the Supplemental files for this article and could be reused, and the White 
Rose Libraries OER Toolkit is also openly licensed.
Supplemental files: project documents
Project survey questions
Round 1 interviews: thematic analysis
Round 2 interviews: thematic analysis
Round 3 interviews: report
White Rose Libraries Open Educational Resources Toolkit
Abbreviations and Acronyms
A list of the abbreviations and acronyms used in this and other Insight s articles can be accessed here – click on the URL below and 
then select the ‘full list of industry A&As’ link: http:/ /www.uksg.org/publications#aa .
Competing interests
The authors have declared no competing interests.‘The challenges were 
… outweighed by the 
benefits of sharing 
different skills and 
experience’
References
1. “Recommendation on Open Educational Resources,” UNESCO,  
https:/ /www.unesco.org/en/legal-affairs/recommendation-open-educational-resources-oer  (accessed 11 July 2023).
2. Jason Reed and Benjamin Jahre, “Reviewing the Current State of Library Support for Open Educational Resources,” Collection Management  44, no. 2–4 
(2019): 232–243, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/01462679.2019.1588181  (accessed 11 July 2023).
3. Veronica McGowan, “Institution initiatives and support related to faculty development of open educational resources and alternative textbooks,” 
Open Learning  35, no. 1 (2020): 24–45, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/02680513.2018.1562328  (accessed 11 July 2023).
4. Heather Crozier, “Promoting Open Access and Open Educational Resources to Faculty,” The Serials Librarian  74, no. 1–4 (2018): 145–150, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/0361526X.2018.1428470  (accessed 11 July 2023).
5. Stacy Katz, “Leveraging Library Expertise in Support of Institutional Goals: A Case Study of an Open Educational Resources Initiative,” The New 
Review of Academic Librarianship  25, no. 2–4 (2019): 381–391, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/13614533.2019.1630655  (accessed 11 July 2023).
6. Michele Chan Santos, “At UTSA, Open Educational Resources Deliver Savings and Reduce Barriers ,” Texas Library Journal 96, no. 1 (2020): 7–9,  
https:/ /txla.org/wp-content/uploads/2020/06/TLJ-Spring-2020_Issuu.pdf  (accessed 21 July 2023).
7. Erin Davis et al., “Enhancing Teaching and Learning: Libraries and Open Educational Resources in the Classroom,” Public Services Quarterly  12, no. 1 
(2016): 22–35, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/15228959.2015.1108893  (accessed 11 July 2023).
8. Jennifer L. Pate, “Supporting Students: OER and Textbook Affordability Initiatives at a Mid-Sized University,” The Serials Librarian  80, no. 1–4 (2021): 
69–74, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/0361526X.2021.1863138  (accessed 11 July 2023).
9. Ariana Santiago and Lauren Ray, “Navigating support models for OER publishing: case studies from the University of Houston and the University of 
Washington,” Reference Services Review  48, no. 3 (2020): 397–413, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1108/RSR-03-2020-0019  (accessed 11 July 2023).
10. Sarah Sutton and Christina Geuther, “Open Educational Resources: Building Collaborative Bridges ,” The Serials Librarian  78, no. 1–4 (2020): 64–68, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/0361526X.2020.1697138  (accessed 11 July 2023).
11. Kerry Walton, “Role of Campus Community in Open Educational Resources: The Benefits of Building a Collaborative Relationship with Campus IT and 
Distance Education Departments,” Library Trends  69, no. 2 (2020): 395–418, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1353/lib.2020.0039  (accessed 21 July 2023).
12. “Open Educational Resources (OER),” West Chester University Libraries,  
https:/ /library.wcupa.edu/OER  (accessed 12 July 2023).
13. Lily Todorinova and Zara T. Wilkinson, “Incentivizing faculty for open educational resources (OER) adoption and open textbook authoring,” Journal of 
Academic Librarianship  46, no. 6 (2020): 1–10, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1016/j.acalib.2020.102220  (accessed 12 July 2023).13
14. Todorinova and Wilkinson, “Incentivizing faculty,” 9.
15. Yetunde Zaid and Adefunke Alabi, “Sustaining Open Educational Resources (OER) initiatives in Nigerian Universities,” Open Learning  36, no. 2 (2021): 
181–197, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/02680513.2020.1713738  (accessed 12 July 2023).
16. Frank Ponte, Anne Lennox, and Jennifer Hurley, “The Evolution of the Open Textbook Initiative ,” Journal of the Australian Library and Information 
Association  70, no. 2 (2021): 194–212, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1080/24750158.2021.1883819  (accessed 12 July 2023).
17. Chausiku Mtumwa Mwinyimbegu, “The Role of Libraries and Librarians in Open Educational Resources in Tanzania: the Case of Selected Public 
University Libraries,”  Library Philosophy and Practice, (2018),  
https:/ /digitalcommons.unl.edu/libphilprac/2097/  (accessed 12 July 2023).
18. Peter Reed, “Awareness, attitudes and participation of teaching staff towards the open content movement in one university,” Research in Learning 
Technology  20 (2012), DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.3402/rlt.v20i0.18520  (accessed 12 July 2023).
19. Rebecca Pitt et al., The UK Open Textbook Report 2019 (Open Education Research Hub, The Open University, 2019)  
http:/ /ukopentextbooks.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/UK-Open-Textbooks.pdf  (accessed 12 July 2023).
20. Rebecca Pool, “OERs: the future of education?,” Research Information  (blog), June/July 2021,  
https:/ /www.researchinformation.info/feature/oers-future-education  (accessed 12 July 2023).
21. Seth D. Thompson and Adrienne Muir, “A case study investigation of academic library support for open educational resources in Scottish universities,” 
Journal of Librarianship and Information Science  52, no.3 (2020): 685–693, DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.1177/0961000619871604  (accessed 12 July 2023).
22. Vanessa Proudman et al., Open Education in European Libraries of Higher Education , (SPARC Europe, 2020), DOI:  
https:/ /doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3903175  (accessed 12 July 2023).
23. Proudman, “ Open Education, ” 4.
24. Beth Tillinghast, “OER & University of Hawaii Assessment Survey,” University of Hawaii,  
https:/ /scholarspace.manoa.hawaii.edu/items/ca9d7649-bd1d-4e7c-b99d-6fc2f4c67546  (accessed 12 July 2023).
25. Vivien Rolfe, “Open educational resources: Staff attitudes and awareness,” Research in Learning Technology  20, no. 1 (2012): 1–13, DOI:  
https:/ /doi:10.3402/rlt.v20i0/14395  (accessed 12 July 2023).
Article copyright: © 2023 Helen Moore, David Curtis, Alison Hazelaar, Maria Mawson and Simon Robinson. 
This is an open access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution Licence , 
which permits unrestricted use and distribution provided the original author and source are credited.
Corresponding author:
Helen Moore
Faculty Librarian for Engineering and Science
University Library
University of Sheffield, UK
E-mail: h.moore@sheffield.ac.uk
ORCID ID: https:/ /orcid.org/0000-0001-6508-7424
Co-authors:
David Curtis
ORCID ID: https:/ /orcid.org/0009-0007-5762-0381
Alison Hazelaar
Maria Mawson
ORCID ID: https:/ /orcid.org/0000-0002-5223-2706
Simon Robinson
To cite this article:  
Moore H, Curtis D, Hazelaar A, Mawson M and Robinson S, “Collaborating to support the use and development 
of open educational resources: a White Rose Libraries research project,” Insights , 2023, 36: 17, 1–14; 
DOI:  https:/ /doi.org/10.1629/uksg.622
Submitted on 20 April 2023            Accepted on 24 May 2023            Published on 19 September 2023
Published by UKSG  in association with Ubiquity Press .