Question: What is Martial Herbert's one word title, this is not the one with the word professor in it?

Context: 4 In Philosophical Investigations (6), Wittgenstein writes, for example, that ‘[ostensive teaching of words] is an important part of the training, because it is so with human beings; not because it could not be imagined otherwise.’

37

2 The Octopus in the Chinese Room

2.1 Searle’s Chinese Room
experiment with a neural language model. The Octopus thought experiment was awarded a best paper prize and was widely debated in the AI community. Again, however, even its fiercest opponents accepted the premise that what a word refers to cannot be induced in the absence of direct supervision. I will argue that what a word refers to is probably learnable from raw text alone. Here’s why: higher-order concept co-occurrence statistics are stable across languages and across modalities, because
Khandelwal et al. (2020b). Indeed, we found that in both models – no word is un-argmaxable.
Instructors: Bisk,Yang,Eskenazi,Gormley,Mortensen,Waibel,Brown,Lee,Cassell,Sycara,Morency,Frederking,Rosenfeld,Kolter,Instructor TBA,Poczos,Salakhutdinov,Mitamura,Lipton,Mostow,Berg-Kirkpatrick,Levin,Cohen,Oh,Strubell,Fahlman,Hauptmann,Callan,Mitchell,Xing,Nyberg,Neubig,Smith,Young,Tsvetkov,Rose,Stern,Rudnicky,Ramakrishnan,Watanabe,Hong,Tomasic

Spring 2024

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48
Instructors: Howard,Dealmeida,Pukinskis,Sullivan,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Cardenes,Wu,Houlik,Spacagna,Caballero,Howell,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Van Hoesen,Gruber,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Papadimitriou,Branson, Evans, Allen,Goeres,Dee,Rusinek,Aylmer,Whipple,Kush,Carlisle,Marcinizyn,van der Sloot,Laduke,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Premo,Teadt,Galbraith,Chiu

Spring 2024

Course number: 57500

Title: Major Studio (Voice)

Units: 9.0

Section: A,E,B,F,C,D

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM
Instructors: Howard,Dealmeida,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Defade,Cardenes,Wu,Ferla,Spacagna,Caballero,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Van Hoesen, Shields,Evans, Allen, Branson,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Thompson, Shields,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Kush,Carlisle,van der Sloot,Rusinek, Shields,Houlik, Shields,Shields, Sullivan,Laduke,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Goeres, Shields,Premo,Teadt,Galbraith,Chiu

Fall 2023

Course number: 57500

Title: Major Studio (Voice)

Units: 9.0

Section: A,E,B,F,C,D

Days: TBA
provides information on all deadl ines including registration date s, class start dates, add/drop

deadlines, exam dates and more.

7 School and Departmental Information

The following are key personnel with whom you may  interact during your time at Carnegie

Mellon:

Martial Hebert

Dean, School of Computer Science 9

University Professor

GHC 6105  412-268-5704

hebert@cs.cmu.edu

https://www.cs.cmu.edu/~hebert/

David Garlan Associate Dean for Master’s Programs, SCS Professor TCS 420
1032 The WORD https://www.cmu.edu/student-affairs/theword/ The WORD is Carnegie Mellon University’s online student handbook and serves as the foundation for the department (and sometimes college) handbook. The WORD contains university-wide academic policy information and resources, community policies and resources, and describes the university level procedures used to review possible violations of these standards. It is designed to provide all students with the tools, guidance, and insights to
the department (and sometimes college) handbook. The WORD contains University -wide

academic policies and resources, community policies and resources, and describes the

University -level procedures used to review possible violations of these standards. It is designed

to provide all students with the tools, guidance, and insights to help you achieve your  full

potential as a member of the Carnegie Mellon community. Information about the following is


Answer: 