The Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) Athletics Hall of Fame, which was established in November 2018, will recognize, celebrate and memorialize the contributions of student-athletes, administrators, coaches and supporters, and preserve the history of the intercollegiate athletics program. The Hall of Fame will engender school spirit and pride, and inspire the university community through the celebration of excellence. As part of the Tartan Athletics Club, the Athletics Hall of Fame will enhance alumni relations, increase the visibility of athletics throughout the CMU community and support additional initiatives of the CMU Athletics Department.

Inductees will be selected by a committee comprised of Carnegie Mellon University staff, faculty, a board of trustee member, coaches and a student representative. The Athletics Hall of Fame will endeavor to induct not less than 15 individuals for induction in its first year and not less than 6 in any year thereafter, subject to the discretion of the Nominating Committee. The below will set forth the criteria for selection to the Athletics Hall of Fame.

In August 2012, the Carnegie Mellon Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation launched the Tartan Athletics Club. Developed by a group of passionate alums and friends of Carnegie Mellon Athletics, the Tartan Athletics Club mission and goals are as follows:

Mission:  The Carnegie Mellon University Tartan Athletics Club strives to support, grow and develop the athletics program by engagement of alumni, students, friends and leadership of Carnegie Mellon University. The Club will support the goals and mission of the athletics department, within the context of the University’s goals and mission.  The Club will pursue targeted strategies to develop and enhance alumni relations, fundraising, development and other initiatives as determined by the Club board and as approved by the University Administration.

Goals: The goals of the Club are as follows:

To support the athletics department’s fundraising initiatives, including, but not limited to, annual giving to the Tartan Funds, and major gifts for capital projects.
To regularly engage athletics alumni, both on and off campus.
To communicate major athletics department and Club initiatives to university stakeholders.
To provide advice and counsel to the athletics department administration.
To raise awareness of athletics programs to students, alumni and the community at-large.
Other goals as set by the Tartan Athletics Club board.
In order to join the Tartan Athletics Club, individuals must make a contribution to the Tartan Fund. Membership will provide regular communication from the department via e-mail and e-newsletters along with invitations to special events associated with athletics contests throughout the year.

Carnegie Mellon Athletics strives to provide an exceptional experience for all of its student-athletes. Contributions to the Tartan Fund allow our programs and coaches to remain at the cutting edge of their sport with specialty equipment, travel, and training opportunities.  To join the Tartan Athletics Club,  