Question: Which LTI faculty member is an author on "Accelerating Diffusion-based Combinatorial Optimization Solvers by Progressive Distillation"?

Context: Paper title: 'DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Zhiqing Sun, Yiming Yang Summary: DIFUSCO is introduced, a new graph-based diffusion framework for NPC combinatorial optimization that outperforms the previous state-of-the-art neural solvers on the challenging SATLIB benchmark and investigates two types of diffusion models with Gaussian and Bernoulli noise, respectively.
[6] Irwan Bello, Hieu Pham, Quoc V Le, Mohammad Norouzi, and Samy Bengio. Neural combinatorial optimization with reinforcement learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1611.09940, 2016.

[7] Jieyi Bi, Yining Ma, Jiahai Wang, Zhiguang Cao, Jinbiao Chen, Yuan Sun, and Yeow Meng Chee. Learning generalizable models for vehicle routing problems via knowledge distillation. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 2022.
[87] Wenbin Ouyang, Yisen Wang, Shaochen Han, Zhejian Jin, and Paul Weng. Improving general- ization of deep reinforcement learning-based tsp solvers. arXiv preprint arXiv:2110.02843, 2021.

[88] Christos H Papadimitriou and Kenneth Steiglitz. Combinatorial optimization: algorithms and

complexity. Courier Corporation, 1998.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
the University Policies website . It is the responsibility of each member of the Carnegie Mellon

community to be familiar with university policies and guidelines.

1.4 MIIS Contact Information

The people responsible for administering the MIIS degree are:

Brianna Eriksen     Teruko Mitamura

Academic Program Manager    Program Director, MIIS

GHC 6415      Professor, LTI

412-268-4277     GHC 6711

bfreema2@andrew.cmu.edu     412-268-6596

teruko@andrew.cmu.edu


Answer: 