Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages, got published?

Context: 3 2 0 2

p e S 4 1

] L C . s c [

1 v 3 2 4 7 0 . 9 0 3 2 : v i X r a

ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but not Low-) Resource Languages

Nathaniel R. Robinson1,2∗

Perez Ogayo1∗ David R. Mortensen1 Graham Neubig1

1Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University 2 Center for Language and Speech Processing, Johns Hopkins University nrobin38@jhu.edu, {aogayo, dmortens, gneubig}@cs.cmu.edu * Authors contributed equally

Abstract
first exper- imental evidence for an expansive set of 204 languages, along with MT cost analysis, using the FLORES-200 benchmark. Trends reveal that GPT models approach or exceed traditional MT model performance for some high-resource languages (HRLs) but consistently lag for low- resource languages (LRLs), under-performing traditional MT for 84.1% of languages we cov- ered. Our analysis reveals that a language’s resource level is the most important feature in determining ChatGPT’s relative
Aditi Chaudhary, Jiateng Xie, Zaid Sheikh, Graham Neubig, and Jaime Carbonell. 2019. A little annota- tion does a lot of good: A study in bootstrapping low- resource named entity recognizers. In Proceedings of the 2019 Conference on Empirical Methods in Nat- ural Language Processing and the 9th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-IJCNLP), pages 5164–5174, Hong Kong, China. Association for Computational Linguistics.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Shinji Watanabe Email: swatanab@andrew.cmu.edu Research Areas: Natural Language Processing: Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Speech Processing (ASR, Speech Synthesis): Speech Recognition, Speech Synthesis, Multilingual/Low-Resource Speech Processing, Speech-to-Speech Translation, Speech Enhancement / Robust Speech Processing Phone: 412-268-3687

Language Technologies Institute

Faculty

Name: Sean Welleck
equivalent (an oral presentation that at least t wo SCS faculty certify as being of

conference- talk quality).

Programming:  This is satisfied by demonstrating competence in computer programming

of language technology; this is normally satisfied in the course of the student's research

and/or project work.

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

Teaching:  This is satisfied by two (2) successful Teaching Assistantships ( TA-ships), as
study or meet up with friends. GSA also maintai ns a website of graduate student resources on

and off-campus. Through GSA’s continued funding  for professional development and research

conferences, the GSA/Provost Conference Funding  Program and GSA/Provost GuSH Research

Grants are able to run, as managed by the Gradua te Education Office. As we move forward, GSA

will continue to rely on your feedback to impr ove the graduate student experience at CMU. Feel


Answer: 