Question: Which LTI faculty member is an author on the COBRA Frames paper?

Context: Paper title: 'COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Haojie Zhu, Thomas Davidson, Xuhui Zhou, Akhila Yerukola, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, Maarten Sap Summary: COBRA frames are introduced, the first context-aware formalism for explaining the intents, reactions, and harms of offensive or biased statements grounded in
Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Akhila Yerukola, Thomas David- son, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, and Maarten Sap. 2023. Cobra frames: Contextual rea- soning about effects and harms of offensive state- ments. In Findings of ACL.

Jan Zienkowski, Jef Verschueren, and Jo Östman. 2011. Discursive pragmatics: A platform for the pragmatic study of discourse. In Disursive Pragmatics, pages 1–13. John Benjamins Publishing Company.

A Tasks and Datasets
Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Akhila Yerukola, Thomas David- son, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, and Maarten Sap. 2023. Cobra frames: Contextual rea- soning about effects and harms of offensive state- ments. In Findings of ACL.

A Implementation Details

A.1 Explanation Generation with LLMs
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
projects.) Even self -supporting MLT students are expected to perform research with a faculty

advisor, since research experience is an important part of our graduate programs. Until a student finds a specific advisor, the chair of the LTI graduate prog rams serves as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is

possible to change advisors. To do so, the student should find another faculty member willing
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 