Question: What is the mean confidence difference for the "he, she" gender-word pair in the paper "Language Models Get a Gender Makeover"?

Context: Gender-Word Pairs

Mean Confidence Difference

Mean Std. Dev.

he, she

0.317

0.288

Will, May

0.316

0.225

boy, girl

0.219

0.218

Table 1: Confidence difference for the Top 3 gender- word pairs in StereoSet

3 Probing Bias in Large Language Models
Zmigrod et al., 2019) and neutral words list1. We finally compute the "total confidence difference" as the sum of differences in the model’s prediction con- fidence for each gender-word pair (such as confi- dence of predicting he − she, man − woman, etc.). Formally, we define total confidence difference as | (cid:80)N male))| where f (x) rep- resent the confidence of model’s prediction, N is the total number of tokens in the dataset and x is the tokenized gender word. The higher this number,
3 2 0 2

n u J

7

] L C . s c [

1 v 7 9 5 4 0 . 6 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions

Himanshu Thakur Atishay Jain∗ Praneetha Vaddamanu∗ Paul Pu Liang Louis-Philippe Morency Carnegie Mellon University {hthakur,atishayj,pvaddama,pliang,morency}@andrew.cmu.edu

Abstract

Caution: this paper contains potentially offen- sive or upsetting model outputs.
relationships unless there is a conflicting profe ssional relationship in  which one party has

authority over the other as in the policy.

11.5.5  Cultural Tolerance

The MSAII program is extremely diverse for a pr ogram of its size. We have students from

numerous different countries who must work effectively in a team se tting. The students

invariably come from very different cultures that  have differing attitudes  towards age, gender,
advisor. Meanwhile, the potential advisors determine how many new students they can take,

and indicate their preferences. Finally, the  entire LTI faculty meets as a “ Marriage Committee ”

to determine the best set of matches.

Some entering MLT students are prefunded, meaning they have received and accepted a funding letter from a faculty member before the Marriage Process. (Even students who are prefunded must attend the research talks, to become acquainted with the LTI’s rese arch
communicating. However, it is unprofessional in any official team meeting to speak a language 32

that is not understood by all team members. Fo r example, if all members of a team understand

Chinese, then they may use Chi nese in team meetings. However,  if even one team member does

not understand Chinese, then a language must be us ed that is understood by all team members.

It is recommended that non-native speakers of Eng lish use English as much as possible if they


Answer: 