Question: Who should LTI PhD students contact if they have a question about their offices?

Context: We would like to thank our workers on MTurk for their responses. We are also grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments. Special thanks to Saadia Gabriel, Jocelyn Shen, Ashutosh Baheti, and the members of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and Ope- nAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fun- damental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dyn- abench Data Collection and Benchmarking Plat- form” award “ContExTox:
Units: 1-48

Section: PP,R

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Callan

Summer 2024

Course number: 11935

Title: LTI Practicum

Units: 1-36

Section: P,R

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking,Callan

Summer 2024

Course number: 11936

Title: PhD Internship

Units: VAR

Section: P,S

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Karen Mazidi and Rodney D. Nielsen. Leveraging multiple views of text for automatic question generation. In Artiﬁcial Intelligence in Education - 17th International Conference, AIED 2015, Madrid, Spain, June 22-26, 2015. Proceedings, pages 257–266, 2015.

Ana Cristina Mendes. When the Answer comes into Question in Question-Answering. PhD thesis, Instituto Superior

Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa, Lisbon, Portugal, 2013.
Any internship must be planned in consultation with the student’s advisor and the LTI Ph.D.

Coordinator. If an internship is part of a fully -funded external fellowship (e.g., Microsoft Research

Fellowship), the student does not need prior LTI approval, but should still coordinate with their

advisor. International students must consult with Office of International Education (OIE) for eligibility before seeking an internship or signing an offer contract.
Offices are assigned by the LTI’s Office Manager (see Section 1.2 , Department Personnel, for

contact information).

2.3 Mailboxes and Office Supplies

Mailboxes and office supplies are in GHC 5404.

2.4 Photocopies and Printers

Printers and photocopies are available to LTI students. The use of a photocopier or printer

requires you to log in with your CMU ID card. LTI students may use printers/photocopiers
412-268-6298 (fax)

http://www.lti.cs.cmu.edu/

Office locations for faculty, staff, and Ph.D. students can be found on the LTI website.

2.2 Office Space

Most Ph.D. students in residence on the Pittsburgh campus are given an office in which to study

and do research. Typically, offices are shared with other Ph.D. students, but they may also be shared with staff, visitors, or other members of the LTI.


Answer: 