Question: Who is the PI of CLAW Lab?

Context: reproduce experiments (𝑄13, Fig. 8); where we find significant differences and conduct pairwise analyses.5 In general, students suffered most, with a significant difference compared to the large in- dustry sector with a p-value of 0.002 < 0.005 = 𝛼 (Bonferroni-corrected). We further find substantial differences between students and academic PIs (p- value = 0.026) and between academic post-docs and large industry labs (p-value = 0.088).
Wallis test indicates that the Null hypothesis cannot be rejected with 𝐻 5 = 16.976 > 𝐻 5 0 = 9.488. While we do not find significant differences in our pairwise comparisons, there are still substantial differences between Ind. (l) and Aca. PI (p-value = 0.0827), as well as Ind. (s) and Ind. (l) (p-value = 0.0850). Even though students reported the low- est number of available GPUs, the differences seem less substantial compared to researchers at small industry (p-value = 0.110). Additionally,
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) A basic classifier, similar to Google Cloud NLP (2023a), detects the presence of four categories of personally identifiable information: names, phone numbers, addresses, and emails.

Readability The Flesch–Kincaid readability test (Kincaid et al., 1975) is applied to each document, assigning documents a grade level based on the number of words per sentence and number of syllables per word.

Average Word Length Measured in characters.
Beta’s new design was the winner of the first post-war Design Competition. The buggy, designed by Rick Saxton, was shaped like a bug with welded tubular steel. The real design battle seemed to be between Beta and PiKA, and the Tartan noted that PiKA’s buggy had a better appearance. However, Beta’s was structurally superior and that allowed it to take home the design trophy.
Sigma teams.
Ben Matzke is one such passionate alumnus. A 2011 mechanical engineering graduate, Matzke, former chair of the student group CIA (Carnegie Involvement Association), is chair of the Buggy Alumni Association's Centennial Planning Committee. He attended the first rolls to officially kick off the 100th anniversary season.


Answer: 