Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'Regularizing Self-training for Unsupervised Domain Adaptation via Structural Constraints' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Emma Strubell, Rajshekhar Das, Jean Oh, Jose Moura, Jonathan M Francis, Sanket Vaibhav Mehta Summary: The regularizer significantly improves top performing self-training methods in various UDA benchmarks for semantic segmentation and introduces a contrastive pixel-level objectness constraint that pulls the pixel
Paper title: 'Augmentation-Adapted Retriever Improves Generalization of Language Models as Generic Plug-In' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Zichun Yu, S. Yu, Chenyan Xiong, Zhiyuan Liu Summary: This paper proposes augmentation-adapted retriever (AAR), which learns LM’s preferences obtained from a known source LM to assist target LMs that may not be known beforehand or are unable to be fine-tuned
In this paper, we described our systems for the mul- tilingual speech translation track of IWSLT 2023, which translates English speech into 10 target lan- guages. To tackle the task of translating scien- tific conference talks, which feature non-native in- put speech and terminology-dense contents, our systems have several novelties. Lacking suitable training data for the target domain, we used kNN- MT for inference-time adaptation and showed an improvement of +0.8 BLEU for cascaded speech
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Ralf Brown Email: ralf@andrew.cmu.edu Office: 5711 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics Phone: 412-268-8298
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.


Answer: 