Question: According to the paper ChatGPT MT, which languages does the study suggest ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged for?

Context: ability to trans- late it, and suggests that ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged for LRLs and African languages.
We provide benchmarks for LLM ENG→X MT performance across 203 languages, with compar- isons to state-of-the-art commercial and open- source MT models. For many HRLs, LLMs like ChatGPT perform competitively with these tra- ditional models. But for LRLs, traditional MT remains dominant, despite LLMs’ increased pa- rameter size. Our decision-tree analysis reveals language features that predict ChatGPT’s transla- tion effectiveness relative to NLLB, finding that ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged
4. A decision tree analysis of language features’ correlation with LLM effectiveness in MT, suggesting ChatGPT is especially disadvan- taged for LRLs and African languages

5. A cost comparison across MT systems
speaking is not scored. We do not issue waivers for non-native speakers of English. In particular, we do not issue waivers based on previous study at a U.S. high school, college, or university. We also do not issue waivers based on previous study at an English-language high school, college, or university outside of the United States. No amount of educational experience in English, regardless of which country it occurred in, will result in a test waiver. Submit valid, recent scores: If as
communicating. However, it is unprofessional in any official team meeting to speak a language 32

that is not understood by all team members. Fo r example, if all members of a team understand

Chinese, then they may use Chi nese in team meetings. However,  if even one team member does

not understand Chinese, then a language must be us ed that is understood by all team members.

It is recommended that non-native speakers of Eng lish use English as much as possible if they
the "TOEFL ITP Plus for China," since speaking is not scored. We do not issue waivers for non-native speakers of English. In particular, we do not issue waivers based on previous study at a U.S. high school, college, or university. We also do not issue waivers based on previous study at an English-language high school, college, or university outside of the United States. No amount of educational experience in English, regardless of which country it occurred in, will result in a test waiver.


Answer: 