Question: In what year was Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning published?

Context: We propose Inference-time Policy Adapters (IPA), which efficiently tailors a language model such as GPT-3 without fine-tuning it. IPA guides a large base model during decod- ing time through a lightweight policy adapter trained to optimize an arbitrary user objective with reinforcement learning.

❄ Frozen ParametersApproximate PolicyBase Policy (Extreme-Scale LM)

⊕Policy

IPA

PredictionR

AdaptionPredictionˆy

RewardPredictionPrediction

" Learning

Tailored PolicyPolicy Adapter

⊕ˆy
3 2 0 2 c e D 6

] L C . s c [

2 v 5 6 0 5 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA):

Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning Ximing Lu♡♣ Faeze Brahman♡♣ Peter West ♡♣ Jaehun Jung ♡ Khyathi Chandu ♣ Abhilasha Ravichander ♣ Lianhui Qin ♡ Prithviraj Ammanabrolu ♡♣ Liwei Jiang ♡♣ Sahana Ramnath ♢ Nouha Dziri ♣ Jillian Fisher ♡ Bill Yuchen Lin ♣ Skyler Hallinan ♡ Xiang Ren ♢♣ Sean Welleck ♡♣ Yejin Choi♡♣ ♣Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence
Drawing inspiration from RL and inference- time techniques, we propose Inference-time Pol- icy Adapters ( IPA), an efficient and general- izable algorithm, which tailors a large language model at decoding-time toward desired objectives without fine-tuning it. To do so, IPA combines a large base LM’s output distribution with that of a smaller-sized model (a lightweight adapter pol- icy), and optimizes the combined distribution to- wards a given objective with RL (Figure 1). IPA uses two key
8. User interfaces, 1983 Why should humans adapt to fit computers? Shouldn’t computers adapt to fit humans? That was the attitude of CMU researchers, who applied design principles to computer science to develop better, easier-to-use interfaces. They called the new field “human-computer interaction.”
9. Machine translation, 1984 Every “Star Trek” fan knows about the universal translator. Scientists in the Language Technologies Institute are moving those gadgets from science fiction to real life. Their pioneering systems include handheld, portable speech-to-speech translators, just like those depicted on the USS Enterprise.
1948 saw the first independent orgs and the start of DTD’s run of greatness, but it wasn’t easy, as they barely held off KapSig for the championship.


Answer: 