Question: In the paper "Modeling Empathic Similarity in Personal Narratives", what is the name of the dataset created for this task?

Context: Abigail See, Aneesh Pappu, Rohun Saxena, Akhila Yerukola, and Christopher D Manning. 2019. Do massively pretrained language models make better In Proceedings of the 23rd Confer- storytellers? ence on Computational Natural Language Learning (CoNLL), pages 843–861.

Jocelyn Shen, Maarten Sap, Pedro Colon-Hernandez, Hae Won Park, and Cynthia Breazeal. 2023. Model- ing empathic similarity in personal narratives.
Figure 2: Spearman (upper left) and Pearson (lower right) correlations between performance on suite tasks. All models from Table 1 are used.

Surprisingly, the best model for human similarity is a simple count-based model. Semantic word embeddings perform worse than explicit phonetic embeddings, most notably on human similarity and analogies. However, they do perform reasonably on cognate detection.
The first three columns in Table 3 show the results when the queries are among the four emotion classes, i.e. happy, sad, angry, and neutral and the collection consists of IEMOCAP dataset. Row 1 model is trained on only 4 audio captioning datasets. Rows 2 and 3 models are trained on 5 emotion datasets, not including IEMOCAP. For a given query, the model outputs top K audios whose audio em- beddings have the highest cosine similarity to the text embedding of the query.
5. Emoticons, 1982 Sure, it was just a joke, but (for better or worse) it’s endured for more than three decades. CMU researcher Scott Fahlman created the emoticon to clear up misunderstandings on computer message boards. We’ve been looking at the world sideways ever since. :-)
career development, experiential learning, and em ployer relations shaped by strong connections

with the university's seven academic colleges. The center's success is founded upon a solid

understanding of career and professional developm ent theory, integration of technology, and an

unwavering commitment to providing personal ized attention towards meeting the unique

individual needs of students, al umni, and employers. The CDPC is located on the second floor of
CMU's career and professional development model is grounded in discipline -specific career

development, experiential learning, and employ er relations shaped by strong connections with

the university's seven academic colleges. The center's success is founded upon a solid

understanding of career and professional development theory, integration of technology, and

an unwavering commitment to providing personalized attention towards meeting the unique


Answer: 