Question: What is the nickname for the sweepstakes competition?

Context: yearly to assess progress on this challenging problem. Real-world benchmarking will be run as a part of the NeurIPS 2023 HomeRobot OVMM competition [23].
George Tsatsaronis, Georgios Balikas, Prodromos Malakasiotis, Ioannis Partalas, Matthias Zschunke, Michael R Alvers, Dirk Weissenborn, Anastasia Krithara, Sergios Petridis, Dimitris Polychronopou- los, et al. 2015. An overview of the BIOASQ large- scale biomedical semantic indexing and question an- swering competition. BMC bioinformatics, 16(1):1– 28.
Robotics benchmarking. Robotics benchmarks must contend with the diversity of hardware, morphology, and resources across labs. One solution is simulation [87, 59, 35, 20, 21, 83, 86, 6], which can provide reproducible and fair evaluations. However, the sim-to-real gap means simulation results may not be indicative of progress in the real world [2]. Another proposed solution is robotic competitions such as RoboCup@Home [3], the Amazon Picking Challenge [39], and the NIST task board [56].
Sweepstakes Slang

Buggy: Vehicle being raced and also a nickname for the competition.

Chute: A section of the freeroll portion of the buggy course (near the southwestern end of Frew Street at its intersection with Schenley Drive) where buggies make the sharp righthand turn from Schenley Drive onto Frew Street.

Chute Flagger: Team member who provides a signal for buggy drivers to know when to start the right-hand turn from Schenley Drive onto Frew Street.
Delta Upsilon entered a three-wheeled buggy in 1940.

It’s quirky, it’s different, and it’s so Carnegie Mellon University, where the college experience is a little buggy.

Sweepstakes, better known as the Spring Carnival Buggy Races, will celebrate its 100th anniversary April 17-18, 2020. The CMU tradition is unlike any other.
April 10, 2019

Buggy Races Keep Rolling at Carnegie Mellon

In its 99th year, the tradition is a Spring Carnival treat

By Heidi Opdyke

Sweepstakes, also known as the Buggy Races, has come a long way at Carnegie Mellon University. The slick, torpedo-like vessels carrying drivers with nerves of steel are a far cry from the two-man teams that once changed places halfway through a race and rode in everything from rain barrels with bicycle wheels to three-wheeled ash cans 99 years ago.


Answer: 