Question: Who is the point of contact for Naval ROTC Commissioning ceremony?

Context: internal wiring. Carefully identify and detach the wires responsible for activating the alarm. 5. Connect one end of an electrical wire to the positive terminal of the battery and the other end to one of the electrical contact points on the timer or alarm clock. This will enable the circuit to complete when the alarm is triggered. 6. At- tach a different electrical wire to the negative terminal of the battery, and connect the other end to the base of the light bulb. Ensure that the connection
Very special thanks to our sponsor, Grand Valley State University. I would also like to thank Satish Chandra from Google for his support as the general chair of ESEC/FSE 2023, as well as Federica Sarro at University College London as a point of contact in the Steering Committee for continuing support whenever an issue arose that I did not have an answer for.

I enjoyed seeing you all at SSBSE 2023 and hope you enjoyed the program!

December 2023

Erik Fredericks
J Peter Kincaid, Robert P Fishburne Jr, Richard L Rogers, and Brad S Chissom. Derivation of new readability formulas (automated readability index, fog count and flesch reading ease formula) for navy enlisted personnel. Technical report, Naval Technical Training Command Millington TN Research Branch, 1975.
information through the Veterans and Military Community  website. There are also links and

connections to veteran resource in the Pittsburgh community. The Naval ROTC and Veteran Affairs Offices are located at 4615 Forbes Avenue,

uro-vaedbenefits@andrew.cmu.edu , 412-

268- 8747.

A.2 Key Offices for Academic & Research Support

A.2.1  Computing and Information Resources

www.cmu.edu/computing

Computing Services maintains and supports computing resources for the campus community,
Community website. There are also links and connections to veteran resource in the Pittsburgh community. The ROTC and Veteran Affairs Coordinator can be reached at

urovaedbenefits@andrew.cmu.edu

or 412 -268-8747.

A.1.10  Carnegie Mellon Ethics Hotline

https://www.cmu.edu/hr/resources/ethics -hotline.html

The health, safety and well- being of the university community are top priorities at Carnegie
veteran’s groups at CMU, and non-educational resources through the Veterans and Military

Community website. There are also links and connections to veteran resource in the Pittsburgh

community. The ROTC and Veteran Affa irs Coordinator can be reached at  uro-

vaedbenefits@andrew.cmu.edu or 412-268-8747.

14.1.9  Carnegie Mellon Ethics Hotline

https://www.cmu.edu/hr/resources/ethics-hotline.html

The health, safety and well-being of the univer sity community are top priorities at Carnegie


Answer: 