Question: Where did Graham Neubig get his PhD?

Context: Groningen, The Netherlands (online). Association for Computational Linguistics.

Graham Neubig and Shinsuke Mori. 2010. Word-based partial annotation for efficient corpus construction. In Proceedings of the Seventh International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation (LREC’10), Valletta, Malta. European Language Resources Asso- ciation (ELRA).
Pengcheng Yin and Graham Neubig. 2017. A syntactic neural model for general-purpose code generation. In Proceedings of the 55th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers), pages 440–450, Vancouver, Canada. Association for Computational Linguistics.
Hao Zhu, Graham Neubig, and Yonatan Bisk. Few-shot language coordination by modeling theory of mind. In International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 12901–12911. PMLR, 2021.

Hao Zhu, Yonatan Bisk, and Graham Neubig. Simulated language learning through communicative goals and linguistic input. Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Cognitive Science Society, 44:1351–1358, 2022.

A APPENDIX

A.1 FULL EFFECTS OF DISTRACTOR DIFFICULTY
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: David Mortensen Email: dmortens@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5707 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources Phone: 412-268-2894

Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Graham Neubig Email: gneubig@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5409 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing, Spoken Language Processing, Machine Learning
areas include speech processing, information retrieval, machine translation, natural language

processing, machine learning, and computational biology. Many MLT graduates continue on to PhD programs in the LTI or other leading universities. Other graduates  go on to work in the

computer industry, many at major corporate research laboratories.
The university offers a Parental Accommodation for qualifying doctoral student parents to include

up to four (4) weeks of time away from academic responsibilities with continued stipend support. This accommodation can be utilized within six months of the birth or placement of a child

through adoption, foster care or legal guardianship. Gestational parents may utilize both the

Short- Term Accommodation  for Gestational Parents and the parental accommodation.


Answer: 