Question: When was aluminum first used to build buggies?

Context: Azim T, Neamtiu I (2013) Targeted and depth-first exploration for systematic testing

of android apps. In: OOPSLA. ACM, pp 641–660

Bach T, Andrzejak A, Pannemans R, et al (2017) The impact of coverage on bug

density in a large industrial software project. In: ESEM. IEEE, pp 307–313

Baek YM, Bae D (2016) Automated model-based Android GUI testing using multi-

level GUI comparison criteria. In: ASE. ACM, pp 238–249

27

context.

guide.

guide.

tool.
feedback on model-generated outputs, and has led to the emergence of the first widely-used general- purpose language assistants (OpenAI, 2023a). Hu- man feedback not only enhances system perfor- mance, but also serves as a mechanism to steer the system in alignment with desired outcomes or goals (Rosenblueth et al., 1943; Wiener, 1948).
The beginning of Christopher Alexander’s career was “Notes on the Synthesis of Form” [5] (herein called “Notes”2) (1964), followed next by “A City is Not a Tree” [14] (1965). For those with technical or scientiﬁc backgrounds, what stood out in “Notes” was the mathematical approach, which sought to break a design problem into dis- joint sets of requirements, presented as a tree. For computer scientists especially, this approach seemed to presage the modularity issues now called cohesion and cou-
SAE’s buggy as a “sleek aluminum auto”, and DTD’s letter to the editor in 1951 complaining that if a team had used a “Buick grill” they would have placed in Design Comp, we’ve determined that Buggy #4 (2nd from the left in the Design Comp photo below) is actually SAE’s design winner. For a better look at the design, check out the 1950 photos, which is a similar style (though with different wheels, a different pushbar, and likely some other changes).] 1949 Photos. Here are photos from 1949.
The starting line from the inaugural race in June 1920 was outside what is now known as the College of Fine Arts building. Racers then traveled toward Margaret Morrison Carnegie Hall, went up Tech Street, down through Schenley Park and then turned back to campus. Buggies would then take pit stops and have their rear wheels swapped before heading back toward the starting line.

Alpha Kappa Psi, the first sorority to enter a Buggy on race day, in 1922.
Since the first Campus Week in 1920, when “chariots” were built to race around campus, student groups have been working year-round, using their engineering skills, design expertise and penchant for interdisciplinary collaboration to secretly build, modify and refine the most aerodynamic, torpedo-like vessel they call a “buggy.”


Answer: 