Question: Which stage of a model's lifecycle does the Pentathlon benchmark focus on?

Context: progress in real-world applications. In response, we introduce efficiency Pentathlon, a benchmark for holistic and realistic evaluation of model efficiency. Pentathlon focuses on inference, which accounts for a majority of the compute in a model’s lifecycle. It offers a strictly-controlled hardware platform, and is designed to mirror real-world applications scenarios. It incorporates a suite of metrics that target different aspects of efficiency, including latency, throughput, memory overhead,
Table 1: Four evaluation scenarios and the metrics they focus on. Acc.: accuracy, TP.: throughput, Mem.: memory. In the three online scenarios, Pentathlon interfaces with the submitted model via standard input/output (stdio), providing inputs and capturing outputs in real-time. Rearrangement of instance order is prohibited in these scenarios. In the offline scenario, the model is given immediate access to all evaluation instances via a file, enabling techniques such as sorting by lengths. NLP
Paper title: 'Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Emma Strubell, Jesse Dodge, Tom Sherborne, Noah A. Smith, Darrell Plessas, Pete Walsh, Iz Beltagy, Matthew E. Peters, Sam Skjonsberg, Kyle Lo, Hannaneh Hajishirzi, Qingqing Cao, Jared Fernandez, Hao Peng Summary: Pentathlon is a benchmark for holistic and realistic evaluation of model efficiency, which focuses on inference, which accounts
15. Model checking, 1994 CMU professor Edmund Clarke had long stressed the importance of verifying computer hardware and software through a formal problem-solving technique called “model checking.” In 1994, his arguments gained new weight with the discovery that Intel’s amazing new Pentium chip made errors on certain math problems. Clarke would go on to receive the Turing Award for his role in the development of model checking.
CMU's career and professional development model is grounded in discipline -specific career

development, experiential learning, and employer relations shaped by strong connections with

the university's seven academic colleges. The center's success is founded  upon a solid

understanding of career and professional development theory, integration of technology, and

an unwavering commitment to providing personalized attention towards meeting the unique
CMU's career and professional development model is grounded in discipline -specific career

development, experiential learning, and employ er relations shaped by strong connections with

the university's seven academic colleges. The center's success is founded upon a solid

understanding of career and professional development theory, integration of technology, and

an unwavering commitment to providing personalized attention towards meeting the unique


Answer: 