Question: When is the Tartans Got Talent show at the carnival?

Context: A carnival reveller dressed as a clown celebrates on the street in

Berlin February 18 , 2007. REUTERS / Pawel Kopczynski

LONDON ( Reuters ) - Bad news for Coco and Blinko -- children don ’ t like

clowns and even older kids are scared of them .

The news that will no doubt have clowns shedding tears was revealed in

a poll of youngsters by researchers from the University of

Sheffield who were examining how to improve the decor of hospital children ’ s wards .
INSTRUCTSCORE Input: Reference: It is understood that the activities held during the “Children’s Day” by China Children’s Center this year include the “Cool Maker Loves Family” carnival of children’s future learning, the first children’s visual art festival, the “Book Carnival” event and the “Whole Family Loves Reading” Picture Book Reading activity. Output: It is understood that the activities held by the China children’s center during this year’s "June 1" children’s day include the "love
[63] A. Gotmare and et. al., “A closer look at deep learning heuristics: Learning rate restarts, warmup and distillation,” in 7th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2019, New Orleans, LA, USA, May 6-9, 2019, 2019.

[64] M. Popel and et. al., “Training tips for the transformer model,” arXiv

preprint arXiv:1804.00247, 2018.
Buggy is Back! The War is over, and Spring Carnival is back with Buggy! The first year back was a short one though, as Spring Carnival was only a 2-day event, kicking off with Buggy at 4:30pm on Friday. The field was small (only 9 teams), as not all of the fraternities on campus had reactivated following the War. Buggy secrecy came back as well, as the April 30, 1946 Tartan reported that DU was building their new buggy off-campus, and were so secretive about it that not even their brothers had
1948 – Barry Rowles (DTD Hill 5) works hard to get DTD (left) across the finish line first, edging out KapSig (right) for the trophy (from the 1949 Thistle). First “Broadcast”. 1948 is the first indication that we have of a “broadcast” on Raceday. According to the May 18, 1948 Tartan, a jeep patrolled the course and carried both the starter and a PA system, allowing the occupants of the vehicle to broadcast the race to the spectators on the course (as long as you were in range to hear the PA
The Finals, initially scheduled for 2pm on Saturday, May 4, were ultimately postponed until Saturday, May 11, due to a downpour that cast a damper on an otherwise exciting Spring Carnival. Controversial Finals. An overcast sky threatened rain on the makeup date as well, though it held off long enough for the race to be run. But some of the spectators may have wished the rain came sooner. Although signs were posted about the makeup date, cars ignored the notices and ended up blocking part of the


Answer: 