Question: Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning"?

Context: 3 2 0 2 c e D 6

] L C . s c [

2 v 5 6 0 5 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA):

Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning Ximing Lu♡♣ Faeze Brahman♡♣ Peter West ♡♣ Jaehun Jung ♡ Khyathi Chandu ♣ Abhilasha Ravichander ♣ Lianhui Qin ♡ Prithviraj Ammanabrolu ♡♣ Liwei Jiang ♡♣ Sahana Ramnath ♢ Nouha Dziri ♣ Jillian Fisher ♡ Bill Yuchen Lin ♣ Skyler Hallinan ♡ Xiang Ren ♢♣ Sean Welleck ♡♣ Yejin Choi♡♣ ♣Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence
We propose Inference-time Policy Adapters (IPA), which efficiently tailors a language model such as GPT-3 without fine-tuning it. IPA guides a large base model during decod- ing time through a lightweight policy adapter trained to optimize an arbitrary user objective with reinforcement learning.

❄ Frozen ParametersApproximate PolicyBase Policy (Extreme-Scale LM)

⊕Policy

IPA

PredictionR

AdaptionPredictionˆy

RewardPredictionPrediction

" Learning

Tailored PolicyPolicy Adapter

⊕ˆy
Drawing inspiration from RL and inference- time techniques, we propose Inference-time Pol- icy Adapters ( IPA), an efficient and general- izable algorithm, which tailors a large language model at decoding-time toward desired objectives without fine-tuning it. To do so, IPA combines a large base LM’s output distribution with that of a smaller-sized model (a lightweight adapter pol- icy), and optimizes the combined distribution to- wards a given objective with RL (Figure 1). IPA uses two key
garlan@cs.cmu.edu

http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~garlan/academics.htm

C a r o l y n  R o s é

Interim Director, Language Technologies Institute  Professor  GHC 5415

412-268-7130

cprose@cs.cmu.edu

8 MSAII Policies

The Language Technologies Institute (LTI) ha s prepared this statement of policies, program

requirements, guidance, process a nd procedures for students in the M.S. in Artificial Intelligence

and Innovation (MSAII) program. A copy of this handbook is also available online at the
LTI follows the long -standing SCS policy that both the new and old advisors need to agree to

the change; typically, this is not a problem, assuming the new advisor has agreed in advance, as

described here. It is to the student' s advantage to avoid switching advisors, especially late in

their graduate studies, because forging a strong student- advisor relationship takes time.

4.11 LTI Orientation

Prior to the beginning of each Fall semester the LTI provides lectures and faculty research
To emphasize student research, improve public speaking skills and increase internal awareness of LTI work, all LTI Ph.D.  students must complete an oral presentation at the LTI each year (by

the end of May). The presentation should consist of a 20- minute ta lk plus time for discussion. It

must be advertised to the LTI mailing lists at least one week before your presentation, and the public will be invited. (The thesis proposal and defense each count towards this requirement.)


Answer: 