Question: In the paper "COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements", what is the name of the dataset created for studying the contextual dynamics of offensiveness?

Context: Paper title: 'COBRA Frames: Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Haojie Zhu, Thomas Davidson, Xuhui Zhou, Akhila Yerukola, Jena D. Hwang, Swabha Swayamdipta, Maarten Sap Summary: COBRA frames are introduced, the first context-aware formalism for explaining the intents, reactions, and harms of offensive or biased statements grounded in
3 2 0 2

n u J

9

] L C . s c [

2 v 5 8 9 1 0 . 6 0 3 2 : v i X r a

COBRA

Frames:

Contextual Reasoning about Effects and Harms of Offensive Statements

Xuhui Zhou♡

Hao Zhu♡

Akhila Yerukola♡

Thomas Davidson♠

Jena D. Hwang♣

Swabha Swayamdipta♢

Maarten Sap♡♣ ♠Department of Sociology, Rutgers University ♣Allen Institute for AI

♡Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University

♢Thomas Lord Department of Computer Science, University of Southern California
We introduce COBRA frames, the first context-aware formalism for explaining the in- tents, reactions, and harms of offensive or bi- ased statements grounded in their social and sit- uational context. We create COBRACORPUS, a dataset of 33k potentially offensive statements paired with machine-generated contexts and free-text explanations of offensiveness, implied biases, speaker intents, and listener reactions.
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
11-727: Computational Semantics for NLP ( only if the course project was done as a

group project)

11-731: Machine Translation

11-747: Neural Networks for NLP

11-751:  Speech Recognition

11-775:  Large -Scale Multimedia

11-776: Multimodal Affective Computing

11-777: Multimodal Machine Learning

11-785:  Deep Learning

11-797: Question Answering

Students may request to have other  LTI course s with a group engineering project component to

be added to this list.


Answer: 