Question: In the paper "Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA): Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning", on which tasks has IPA shown significant improvements?

Context: We propose Inference-time Policy Adapters (IPA), which efficiently tailors a language model such as GPT-3 without fine-tuning it. IPA guides a large base model during decod- ing time through a lightweight policy adapter trained to optimize an arbitrary user objective with reinforcement learning.

❄ Frozen ParametersApproximate PolicyBase Policy (Extreme-Scale LM)

⊕Policy

IPA

PredictionR

AdaptionPredictionˆy

RewardPredictionPrediction

" Learning

Tailored PolicyPolicy Adapter

⊕ˆy
3 2 0 2 c e D 6

] L C . s c [

2 v 5 6 0 5 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Inference-Time Policy Adapters (IPA):

Tailoring Extreme-Scale LMs without Fine-tuning Ximing Lu♡♣ Faeze Brahman♡♣ Peter West ♡♣ Jaehun Jung ♡ Khyathi Chandu ♣ Abhilasha Ravichander ♣ Lianhui Qin ♡ Prithviraj Ammanabrolu ♡♣ Liwei Jiang ♡♣ Sahana Ramnath ♢ Nouha Dziri ♣ Jillian Fisher ♡ Bill Yuchen Lin ♣ Skyler Hallinan ♡ Xiang Ren ♢♣ Sean Welleck ♡♣ Yejin Choi♡♣ ♣Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence
Drawing inspiration from RL and inference- time techniques, we propose Inference-time Pol- icy Adapters ( IPA), an efficient and general- izable algorithm, which tailors a large language model at decoding-time toward desired objectives without fine-tuning it. To do so, IPA combines a large base LM’s output distribution with that of a smaller-sized model (a lightweight adapter pol- icy), and optimizes the combined distribution to- wards a given objective with RL (Figure 1). IPA uses two key
and by the SCS Associate Dean for Masters Programs. The waiver request must explain the

exceptional circumstances that wa rrant an extension. For cases in which a waiver is granted,

the waiver will cover specific courses and will specify a time period for completion of the

program.

See also the ‘Duration of Study’ policy.

11.7 Residency Requirement

The MSAII is a full-time, in-resid ence program conducted only on the Pittsburgh campus. In
See also the “ Statute of Lim itations” policy.

5.1.2 Double-Dipping

A Masters student who uses courses taken as part of another degree program (at Carnegie

Mellon or elsewhere) toward their program requirements cannot use those same courses MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 21

toward any other M.S. degree offered by the School of Computer Science without prior

approval. This is an SCS- wide policy.

5.1.3 Pass/Fail Grades
LTI follows the long -standing SCS policy that both the new and old advisors need to agree to

the change; typically, this is not a problem, assuming the new advisor has agreed in advance, as

described here. It is to the student' s advantage to avoid switching advisors, especially late in

their graduate studies, because forging a strong student- advisor relationship takes time.

4.11 LTI Orientation

Prior to the beginning of each Fall semester the LTI provides lectures and faculty research


Answer: 