Question: Which LTI professors wrote "Rethinking Voice-Face Correlation: A Geometry View"?

Context: To investigate and understand the voice-face correlation at a more fine-grained phoneme level, we propose an anal- ysis pipeline that leverages a common feature extractor with a regression head to predict human anthropometric measure- ments (AM) from phoneme. Specifically, Human anthropomet- ric measurements are a set of facial measurements summarized from cognitive science studies that can effectively represent the identity of a human. We decompose the audio recordings into phonemes and learn
Rethinking the human voice production mechanism, the voice is produced by either the vibration of the vocal cord or the resonance of the pulmonary airflow. For both of the mecha- nisms, the vocal track is highly enrolled. The vocal track can be assumed as a filter, reflecting the characteristics of human voice. With the tight bind of muscle and bone, the vocal track is also correlated with facial attributes. Specifically, each phoneme corresponds to a different vocal track status and also an
particularly with plosives. Additionally, we observe that if a specific AM exhibits more movement during phoneme pro- nunciation, it is more predictable. Our findings support those in physiology regarding correlation and lay the groundwork for future research on speech-face multimodal learning. Index Terms: voice-face correlation, phoneme
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 