Question: What data source do authors in "Towards Open-Domain Twitter User Profile Inference" collect their public user profiles from?

Context: Paper title: 'Towards Open-Domain Twitter User Profile Inference' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Haoyang Wen, Zhenxin Xiao, Alexander Hauptmann, E. Hovy Summary: None
As large datasets from social media platforms (e.g., Twitter, Face- book, Reddit, etc) are used to investigate research questions not only about platform use, but about social dynamics more generally, these platforms may suﬀer from a ‘model organism’ problem [150], where claims are made about the world in general, based on data from one speciﬁc organism, such as mice or fruit ﬂies (or here: one speciﬁc social media platform). In reality, there is a non-random selection of users into social
The OpenWebText data set [8] is a publicly available resource that comprises web content sourced from URLs shared on Reddit with a minimum of three votes. This data set is a reconstitution of the original WebText corpus, which was initially described by Radford et al. [9]. Since the data set was compiled in 2019, it is improbable that the textual content it contains was algorithmically generated.

3.3 Data Collection Method
Design and execute experimental data collection and present resulting analyses using appropriate user experience (UX) techniques including interactive data visualizations.

Apply and customize analytics, systems and human

centered data science techniques to application

specific data science requirements and objectives.

Identify tradeoffs among data science techniques (analytics, systems and/or human
Design, implement and evaluate a user experience prototype to allow for clear understanding of data science solutions.

Apply social and behavioral research methods to data science problems to understand the human aspects of data collection and analysis.
Tableau, clean ing data with OpenRefine, and getting started with Zotero. Weekly drop- in hours

for Digital Humanities and for Research Data Research Management are scheduled during the academic year. Start at the library home page to find the books, journals and database s you

need; to identify and reach out to the library liaison in your field; to sign up for scheduled MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 33

workshops; and to connect with consultants in scholarly publishing, research data


Answer: 