Question: What is the name of the new class of offline policy gradient algorithms introduced in the paper "Improving Language Models with Advantage-based Offline Policy Gradients"?

Context: Paper title: 'Improving Language Models with Advantage-based Offline Policy Gradients' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Faeze Brahman, Ronan Le Bras, Ashutosh Baheti, Ximing Lu, Maarten Sap, Mark O. Riedl Summary: Advantage-Leftover Lunch RL (A-LoL), a new class of offline policy gradient algorithms that enable RL training on any pre-existing data that assumes the entire LM output sequence as a single action, and allows incorporating sequence-level
Language Models (LMs) achieve substantial language capabilities when finetuned using Reinforcement Learning with Human Feedback (RLHF). However, RLHF is an unstable and data-hungry process that continually requires new high-quality LM-generated data for finetuning. We introduce Advantage-Leftover Lunch RL (A-LOL), a new class of offline policy gradient algorithms that enable RL training on any pre-existing data. By assuming the entire LM output sequence as a single action, A-LOL allows
3 2 0 2

t c O 0 1

] L C . s c [

3 v 8 1 7 4 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Preprint under review.

IMPROVING LANGUAGE MODELS WITH ADVANTAGE-BASED OFFLINE POLICY GRADIENTS

Ashutosh Baheti♢,♣, Ximing Lu♡,♣, Faeze Brahman♣, Ronan Le Bras♣, Maarten Sap♠,♣, Mark Riedl♢ ♢ Georgia Institute of Technology, ♠Carnegie Mellon University, ♡University of Washington, ♣ Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence

ABSTRACT
4.4.2 Breadth Courses:  Language Technology Applications

11-642, Search Engines

11-688, Concepts in Digital Multimedia and Cyber Forensics

11-692, Speech Processing

11-697. Introduction to Q uestion Answering

11-751, Speech Recognition and Understanding

11-767, On -Service Machine Learning

11-797, Question Answering

11-830, Computational Ethics For NLP

4.4.3 Breadth Courses:  Machine Learning

11-641, Machine Learning for Text and Graph -Based Mining

11-661, Language and Statistics
Fall 2: - Machine Learning for Text Mining - MIIS Capstone Project

Example Course of Study #2 This schedule would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in voice-based computer applications.

Fall 1:

Machine Learning

Algorithms for NLP

Speech Recognition and Understanding

Directed Study

Spring: - Applied Machine Learning - Competitive Engineering - Design and Implementation of Speech Recognition Systems - Directed Study - MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

Summer:

Internship
such behavior, which will not be tolerated. Re peated infractions, or a serious single infraction

may result in termination from the program.

11.5.6  Language Policy

The MSAII program is a component of the Language  Technologies Institute, which studies and

celebrates the diversity of human language and fo rms of expression. The LTI also recognizes the

futility and unfairness of attempting to det ermine the language students must use when


Answer: 