Question: In which month and year the Mascot Identity Task Force was formed?

Context: Erick Rosete-Beas, Oier Mees, Gabriel Kalweit, Joschka Boedecker, and Wolfram Burgard. Latent plans for task-agnostic oﬄine reinforcement learning. In Conference on Robot Learning (CORL), pages 1838–1849, 2023. (Cited on page 13.)

Gavin A Rummery and Mahesan Niranjan. On-line Q-learning using connectionist systems, volume 37. University of Cambridge, Department of Engineering, 1994. (Cited on page 5.)
In this section, we discuss the design of the LabintheWild experiments. The social acceptabil- ity task was released to the public in April 2022. The hate speech detection task was released Au- gust 2022. To reduce confounding factors on the data collection process, we conduct multiple user studies of the LabintheWild experiments prior to the public release. Additionally, all the annotations collected through the experiments are anonymous and are stored securely.
January 2023

the ingenuity of the MC—and not merely the experiences of the studied backpack Hip Hop fan—appreciatively remains at the forefront of this work.
Scotty's road from popular icon to official mascot of the university began in 2006. Carnegie Mellon formed a Mascot Identity Task Force in November 2006, which consisted of students, faculty, staff and alumni. The Task Force was co-chaired by Director of Athletics Susan Bassett and Dean of Student Affairs Jennifer Church.
In the spring, the Task Force partnered with SME Branding — a firm with more than 17 years of experience creating mascots for professional sports teams and universities — to develop the graphics for the mascot. During October, students and alumni reviewed potential mascot images in focus groups.
Carnegie Mellon's official mascot debuted at the Nov. 10, 2007 home football game. The graphic features a profile of a distinguished, bold Scottish terrier sporting a plaid scarf around his neck. The dog is contained in a shield, representing Carnegie Mellon's Scottish heritage.

The Task Force then partnered with a mascot costume company to design our Scottish terrier in the winter of 2007. The official Scotty costume was unveiled at the 2008 Spring Carnival.


Answer: 