Question: Which LTI faculty member focuses on embodiment?

Context: Elliot, A.J. (2006). ‘The hierarchical model of

approach-avoidance motivation’, Motivation and emotion, 30, pp. 111-116.

Jelić, A., Tieri, G., De Matteis, F., Babiloni, F. and

Vecchiato, G. (2016). ‘The enactive approach to architectural experience: A neurophysiological perspective on embodiment, motivation, and affordances’, Frontiers in psychology, 7, pp. 481.

Johnson, M. (2015). ‘The embodied meaning of
We would like to thank our workers on MTurk for their responses. We are also grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments. Special thanks to Saadia Gabriel, Jocelyn Shen, Ashutosh Baheti, and the members of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and Ope- nAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fun- damental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dyn- abench Data Collection and Benchmarking Plat- form” award “ContExTox:
Florian Schmidt and Thomas Hofmann. 2020. Bert as a teacher: Contextual embeddings for sequence-level reward.

Ramprasaath R. Selvaraju, Michael Cogswell, Ab- hishek Das, Ramakrishna Vedantam, Devi Parikh, and Dhruv Batra. 2017. Grad-cam: Visual explana- tions from deep networks via gradient-based local- ization. In Proceedings of the IEEE International Conference on Computer Vision (ICCV).
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Yonatan Bisk Email: ybisk@cs.cmu.edu Office: Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Grounding, RoboNLP, Vision and Language, Embodiment, Unsupervised Learning
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 