Question: How many people co-authored the paper Learning to Ask Questions for Zero-shot Dialogue State Tracking?

Context: in Table1, we used zero-shot prompting with text-davinci-003 and evaluate on a test set of 342 instances. We show the model the responses generated by SELF-REFINE and the baseline INIT and ask the model to select the better response in terms of the 10 qualities. We report the win rate. However, we acknowledge that automated metrics may not provide an accurate assessment of text generation tasks and rely on human evaluation instead.
Prakhar Gupta, Cathy Jiao, Yi-Ting Yeh, Shikib Mehri, Maxine Eskenazi, and Jeffrey P Bigham. Instructdial: improving zero and few-shot generalization in dialogue through instruction tuning. In Proceedings of the 2022 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, pp. 505–525, 2022.

Patrick Haluptzok, Matthew Bowers, and Adam Tauman Kalai. Language models can teach themselves to

program better. arXiv preprint arXiv:2207.14502, 2022.
In summary, the contributions of this paper are

twofold:

1. We explore text classification in a neural matching formulation enhanced by prompts. We demonstrate that even without any finetun- ing on the text encoder, this straightforward formulation is an effective method for zero- shot text classification.
o Video Response (asynchro nous): Clients upload documents in advance, then

receive a 20 to 30 minute video with a consultant’s feedback. The feedback

video will be received within 5 days of the scheduled appointment.

o Group Appointments: Participate with your group to accomplish peer reviews or

focus on collaborative presentation strategies.

o Workshops:  Workshops are available on a variety of topics and help attendees

learn research -backed communication strategies.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Louis-Philippe Morency Email: morency@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5411 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing Phone: 412-268-5508


Answer: 