Question: How many de-biased training examples were used for fine-tuning the pre-trained model to significantly reduce the tendency to favor any gender?

Context: changes to the training regime, in this paper, we propose data intervention strategies as a powerful yet simple technique to reduce gender bias in pre- trained models. Specifically, we empirically show that by fine-tuning a pre-trained model on only 10 de-biased (intervened) training exam- ples, the tendency to favor any gender is sig- nificantly reduced. Since our proposed method only needs a few training examples, our few- shot debiasing approach is highly feasible and practical. Through
In this paper, we show that simple data interventions on limited training data effectively reduce gender bias in LLMs. We also show that a biased pre- trained LLM can be used to mine the most effective de-biasing training examples. Evaluation of our methods on state-of-the-art bias benchmarks empir- ically suggests that our methods effectively reduce gender bias. Given that our methods can work in a few-shot manner and do not require any auxiliary model training, we hope that our work benefits
Paper title: 'Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, P. Liang, Praneetha Vaddamanu, Atishay Jain, Himanshu Thakur Summary: This paper empirically shows that by fine-tuning a pre-trained model on only 10 debiased (intervened) training examples, the tendency to favor any gender is
3. Tutoring machines, 1973 Games and drills, such as flash cards, have long been used to help students learn tough subjects. But the cognitive tutoring programs developed at Carnegie Mellon, beginning in the 1970s, did more than simply drill students on math problems. Cognitive tutors were able to adapt, presenting harder or easier problems as students learned or stumbled. Today, cognitive tutors teach subjects such as algebra to hundreds of thousands of students every year.
relationships unless there is a conflicting profe ssional relationship in  which one party has

authority over the other as in the policy.

11.5.5  Cultural Tolerance

The MSAII program is extremely diverse for a pr ogram of its size. We have students from

numerous different countries who must work effectively in a team se tting. The students

invariably come from very different cultures that  have differing attitudes  towards age, gender,
MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

Summer: - Academic Research Practices and Scientific Communities - MIIS Capstone Project

Here are some example schedules for completing the MIIS-21 program. Example Course of Study #1 This schedule would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in deepening their expertise in Machine Learning area of concentration.

Fall 1:

Search Engines

Algorithms for NLP

Intro to ML (MLD)

MIIS Directed Study

Spring 1:

Question Answering


Answer: 