Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Katharina Reinecke, Sebastin Santy, Ronan Le Bras, Jenny T Liang, Maarten Sap Summary: NLPositionality, a framework for characterizing design biases and quantifying the positionality of NLP datasets and models, is introduced and it is found that dataset and models align predominantly
3 2 0 2

n u J

2

] L C . s c [

1 v 3 4 9 1 0 . 6 0 3 2 : v i X r a

NLPositionality: Characterizing Design Biases of Datasets and Models

Sebastin Santy†∗ Jenny T. Liang‡∗ Ronan Le Bras⋄ Katharina Reinecke† Maarten Sap‡⋄ ‡Carnegie Mellon University †University of Washington

⋄Allen Institute for AI {ssanty,reinecke}@cs.washington.edu,

Hate Speech Database

1 2 3 4 5 6 7

1 2 3 4 5 6 7
In this paper, we characterized design biases and the positionality of datasets and models in NLP. We introduced the NLPositionality framework for identifying design biases in NLP datasets and models. NLPositionality consists of a two-step process of collecting annotations from diverse an- notators for a specific task and then computing the alignment of the annotations to dataset labels and model predictions using Pearson’s r. We applied NLPositionality to two tasks: social acceptability and
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
5.2 Conference Travel Funding  LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 33

Students funded by research projects receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to p resent a refereed conference paper . There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

5.3 Research Funding


Answer: 