Question: What is the code URL for the case studies presented in the framework tax paper?

Context: this phenomenon as the framework tax, and ob- serve that the disparity is growing as hard- ware speed increases over time. In this work, we examine this phenomenon through a se- ries of case studies analyzing the effects of model design decisions, framework paradigms, and hardware platforms on total model latency. Code is available at https://github.com/ JaredFern/Framework-Tax.
Paper title: 'The Framework Tax: Disparities Between Inference Efficiency in Research and Deployment' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Emma Strubell, Yonatan Bisk, Jacob Kahn, Clara Na, Jared Fernandez Summary: This work examines the effects of model design decisions, framework paradigms, and hardware platforms on total model latency through a series of case studies analyzing the effects of model design
ing things – has progressed significantly over the past few years in the field of dialogue systems. Early studies, such as the COBBER, a domain- independent framework, used a Conversational Case-Based Reasoning (CCBR) framework based on reusable ontologies (Gómez-Gauchía et al., 2006). The aim was to help people use a com- puter more effectively by keeping them in the right mood or frame of mind. Methods such as reinforce- ment learning have also been introduced in non- task-oriented dialog
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
statement” that describes the claimed solution to the research problem that is the thesis

topic.

Thesis Proposal:  Near the end of the student’s third year, the student will compose a

dissertation proposal. In this document, the student will specify the problem the research addresses (the thesis topic); the significance of the problem and expected scie ntific
more than on e CMU degree (e.g., receiving an MLD Master’s  degree that includes courses taken

as an LTI Ph.D.  student) must be explicitly approved by the LTI, on a case -by-case basis, in

advance.

4.1.2 External Internships

The LTI provides summer support for its Ph.D.  students, so Ph.D. students are expected to do

research at Carnegie Mellon during the summer. However, outside experience can be a valuable


Answer: 