Question: What does FACTORCL mean?

Context: 1. A new analysis of contrastive learning performance showing that standard multimodal CL fails to capture task-relevant unique information under low shared or high unique information cases.

2. A new contrastive learning algorithm called FACTORCL:

(a) FACTORCL factorizes task-relevant information into shared and unique information, expand-

ing contrastive learning to better handle low shared or high unique information.
Paper title: 'Factorized Contrastive Learning: Going Beyond Multi-view Redundancy' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, P. Liang, Martin Q. Ma, R. Salakhutdinov, James Y. Zou, Zihao Deng Summary: FactorCL is a new multimodal representation learning method to go beyond multi-view redundancy and captures both shared and unique information and achieves state-of-the-art results on six benchmarks.
contained in modality-unique regions: information that is only present in one modality but still relevant to the task. How can we learn self-supervised multimodal representations to capture both shared and unique information relevant to down- stream tasks? This paper proposes FACTORCL, a new multimodal representation learning method to go beyond multi-view redundancy. FACTORCL is built from three new contributions: (1) factorizing task-relevant information into shared and unique
A.3.1 Counseling & Psychological  Services

https://www.cmu.edu/counseling/

Counseling & Psychological Services (CaPS) affords the opportunity for students to talk privately

about academic and personal concerns in a safe, confidential setting. An initial consultation at

CaPS can help clarify the nature of the concern, provide immediate support, and explore further
An “SCS course” is any 12 -unit course with a course number indicating a unit of the

School of Computer Science (including LTI); a 6 -unit course with such a number counts

as 1/2 of an SCS course. Unless otherwise specified, "course" means an actual classroom

course, not credit given for research or independent study. Note: Recommended

electives that are technically outside  of the SCS now count towards this requirement; for
and review of allegations of research misconduct. 49

14.3 Key Offices for Health, Wellness & Safety

14.3.1  Counseling & Psychological Services

https://www.cmu.edu/counseling/

Counseling & Psychological Services (CaPS) af fords the opportunity for students to talk

privately about academic and personal concerns in a safe, confidential setting. An initial

consultation at CaPS can help cl arify the nature of the concern,  provide immediate support, and


Answer: 