Question: The MLT program is similar to the first two years of what other program?

Context: Pretraining Similar to Contriever (Izacard et al., 2021), we adopt a continual pretraining setup based

Both HotpotQA and OTT-QA have reasoning paths with max length 2. For OTT-QA, we first

Dataset

Train

Dev

Test

Skill Training Data

# Examples

Pretraining







single retrieval expanded query retrieval passage entity linking

6M 6M 9M

NQ

79,168

8,757

3,610

single retrieval reranking

86,252 86,252

HotpotQA

90,447

7,405

7,405
The results of our path patching experiments on this dataset are shown in Figure 23. We path patch using the probability difference metric for all years (see Hanna et al. (2023) for details), which is analogous to the logit difference metric. We first path patch to the logits from the end position and find the MLPs are most important. From there we path patch to last token position to these MLPs, and then backwards through the last token position from there. The circuit can be summarized as
multilingual ASR/LID). Similar to SU- PERB, ML-SUPERB employs frozen SSL models as feature extractors and a lightweight downstream model that can be fine- tuned for different tracks to achieve high training efficiency.
entrepreneurial leaders. The first two years of the Ph.D. program are similar to our MLT program. After the second year, you will spend most of your time working closely with your faculty advisor on research that advances the state-of-the-art in computer science. Ph.D. students are expected to publish papers about original research in the most competitive scientific journals and international conference proceedings, and to present their research at conferences and workshops. Most of our Ph.D.
program, you’ll be immersed in research for two full years. During the academic year, your time will be evenly split between taking courses and doing research with your faculty advisor. Your summer will be devoted entirely to research. Many MLT grads continue on to Ph.D. programs at CMU and other top institutions, while others pursue careers at companies emphasizing research and rapid innovation. Requirements: The MLT program lasts two years (24 months), and students must complete two summers
The remaining units may also be taken from the LTI, or with approval from the faculty advisor, any other senior- or graduate-level course offered at CMU or Pitt. Directed research is another integral part of the MLT program; MLT students carry out directed research during their studies, with guidance from their faculty advisors. Students may also choose to complete an optional MLT thesis. Guidelines can be found in the MLT Handbook. Curriculum: Here's an example of how your two years in the MLT


Answer: 