Question: What is the purpose of the ACL 60/60 evaluation sets?

Context: In the multilingual track, the testing condition is scientific conference talks. Therefore, we primarily rely on the ACL development (dev) set (Salesky et al., 2023) for validation. It consists of English transcripts of the talks and translations into the 10 target languages. The systems are then evaluated on a blind test set. The dev and test sets consist of 5 talks each. The paper abstracts for all talks are available in English. The talks are pre-segmented. In all experiments, we use the
Table 2: Automatic evaluation results on the ImageCode test set: We evaluate informativity using the retrieval ac- curacy of the ALBEF evaluative listener using captions generated by each approach. PICL substantially out- performs Base Speaker, Incre-RSA, Incre-RSA (PPL), and E-S (PPL), achieving a competitive level of infor- mativeness to E-S. In fluency, evaluated using GPT-2 perplexity, methods that control for the fluency (PPL) pivoting around PICL achieve similar level of perplexity, while
We also conduct experiments with the ACL- ARC task (Jurgens et al., 2018), a citation intent task based on the ACL Anthology Reference Cor- pus (Bird et al., 2008) used in continued pretraining experiments in (Gururangan et al., 2020). We use train, validation, and test splits for both datasets from (Dery et al., 2023; Gururangan et al., 2020).
semester, the faculty evaluates each student's academic progress. The student's advisor serves

as the student's advocate in this process. The result of the evaluation is a letter from the faculty to the student that indicates whether the student is making satisfactory progress towards

completing the degree.

A good letter  typically indicates that the student is making satisfactory progress. If the student
end of the semester, the faculty evaluates each student's academic progress. The student's advisor serves as the student's advocate in this process. The result of the evaluation is a letter from the faculty to the student that indicates whether the student is making satisfactory progress  towards completing the degre e.

A good letter  typically indicates that the student is making satisfactory progress. If the student
At the end of the semester, the faculty evaluates each student's academic progress. The student's

advisor serves as the student's advocate in this process. The result of the evaluation is a letter from LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 19

the faculty to the student that indicates whether the student is making satisfactory progress

towards completing the degree.


Answer: 