Question: At which conference venue was the framework tax published?

Context: Paper title: 'The Framework Tax: Disparities Between Inference Efficiency in Research and Deployment' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Emma Strubell, Yonatan Bisk, Jacob Kahn, Clara Na, Jared Fernandez Summary: This work examines the effects of model design decisions, framework paradigms, and hardware platforms on total model latency through a series of case studies analyzing the effects of model design
Paper title: 'BiasX: "Thinking Slow" in Toxic Content Moderation with Explanations of Implied Social Biases' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Tongshuang Wu, Yiming Zhang, Sravani Nanduri, Liwei Jiang, Maarten Sap Summary: BiasX, a framework that enhances content moderation setups with free-text explanations of statements' implied social biases, is introduced and it is shown that indeed, participants
Paper title: 'Imprecise Label Learning: A Unified Framework for Learning with Various Imprecise Label Configurations' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Jindong Wang, B. Raj, Masashi Sugiyama, Ankit Shah, R. Tao, Xingxu Xie, Yidong Wang, Hao Chen, Rita Singh Summary: Imprecise label learning (ILL) is introduced, a framework for the unification of learning with various imprecise label configurations, marking the first unified framework with robust and
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
workshops, tax workshops, and cross- cultural and immigration workshops; international

education and statistics on international students in the United States; posting pertinent information to students through email and the OIE website and conducting orientation and pre -

departure programs.

A.1.9 Veterans and Military Community

https://www.cmu.edu/veterans/   LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 45


Answer: 