Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper The Devil Is in the Errors: Leveraging Large Language Models for Fine-grained Machine Translation Evaluation, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'INSTRUCTSCORE: Towards Explainable Text Generation Evaluation with Automatic Feedback' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Lei Li, William Yang Wang, Markus Freitag, Danqing Wang, Wenda Xu, Zhenqiao Song, Liangming Pan Summary: This work fine-tunes a LLAMA model to create an evaluative metric that can produce a diagnostic report aligned with human judgment, and achieves performance levels on
Thompson B. and Post M. (2020). Automatic machine translation evaluation in many languages via zero-shot paraphrasing.

In Proceedings of the 2020 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP), pp. 90–121.

https://doi.org/10.1017/S1351324923000505 Published online by Cambridge University Press

Natural Language Engineering

Tu Z., Lu Z., Liu Y., Liu X. and Li H. (2016). Modeling coverage for neural machine translation. In Proceedings of the 54th
Paper title: 'CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Sumit Agarwal, Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Shuyan Zhou Summary: It is found that generated code that receives a higher score by CodeBERTScore is more likely to be preferred by humans, as well as to function correctly when executed, than all existing metrics.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Lei Li Email: leili@andrew.cmu.edu Research Areas: Machine Learning, Machine Translation, Large Language Models, AI Drug Discovery Phone: 412-268-6355
equivalent (an oral presentation that at least t wo SCS faculty certify as being of

conference- talk quality).

Programming:  This is satisfied by demonstrating competence in computer programming

of language technology; this is normally satisfied in the course of the student's research

and/or project work.

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

Teaching:  This is satisfied by two (2) successful Teaching Assistantships ( TA-ships), as
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Ralf Brown Email: ralf@andrew.cmu.edu Office: 5711 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics Phone: 412-268-8298


Answer: 