Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Melanie Walsh, Jimin Mun, Lauren F. Klein, Maarten Sap, Anjalie Field, Maria Antoniak Summary: Riveter greatly improves the accessibility of verb lexica and can facilitate a broad range of future research by organizing the language processing pipeline, providing complete lexicon scores and
Maria Antoniak, Anjalie Field, Ji Min Mun, Melanie Walsh, Lauren F. Klein, and Maarten Sap. 2023. Riv- eter: Measuring power and social dynamics between entities. In ACL demonstrations.

Katherine Atwell, Sabit Hassan, and Malihe Alikhani. 2022. Appdia: A discourse-aware transformer-based style transfer model for offensive social media con- versations. In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Computational Linguistics, pages 6063–6074.
Paper title: 'Conversational Search with Random Walks over Entity Graphs' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval Authors: Gustavo Gonçalves, Jamie Callan, João Magalhães Summary: Experiments show that using random walks to estimate entity centrality on conversation entity graphs improves top precision answer passage ranking over competitive transformer-based baselines.
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
5.2 Conference Travel Funding  LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 33

Students funded by research projects receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to p resent a refereed conference paper . There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

5.3 Research Funding


Answer: 