Question: What types of prompts can PaintSeg be configured to work with?

Context: SELF-REFINE is implemented in a complete few-shot setup, where each module (INIT, FEEDBACK, ITERATE) is implemented as few-shot prompts. We execute the self-improvement loop for a maximum of k = 4 iterations. The iterations continue until the target sentiment is reached.

P.1 Details
Bonifacio et al. (2022) evaluated two types of the prompts of which we use only the so-called vanilla prompt (see Table 2).
approach can be applied with any other pretrained models with similar function calls.

6

(5)

How can I make this more nutritious?

I want a cake with a unicorn theme, with pastel colors and a whimsical feel.

I would suggest a simple sign with the name of the business and a picture of the cupcakes.

“This but in green”

I'm not sure what you mean by customised.

Can you also show me some decorations that would work well for the party?

Stable Diﬀusion

Stable Diﬀusion

User prompts
Clients meet with a c onsultant to improve the logic, clarity, and flow of writing or

presentation and receive expert feedback that will strengthen a project. When making an appointment, clients upload a draft, instructor prompts, and rubrics so the consultants can use specific  criteria to give relevant feedback. See the

appointment types offered here:

https://www.cmu.edu/student-

success/programs/communication -support/make- an-appointment.html
Faculty Research Talks, nor do they receive a grade, however the department is serious about its expectation that new students will attend these talks.

The LTI Orientation Canvas course

is a mandatory course designed to increase incoming LTI

graduate students' awareness and understanding of CMU's community standards and the

resources that CMU offers the students. The course includes several administrative tasks,
The Office of Research Integrity & Complian ce (ORIC) is designed to support research at

Carnegie Mellon University. The staff work with  researchers to ensure research is conducted

with integrity and in accordance with federa l and Pennsylvania regulation. ORIC assists

researchers with human subject re search, conflicts of interest, re sponsible conduct of research,

export controls, and institutional animal care & us e.  ORIC also provides consultation, advice,


Answer: 