Question: CAPTCHAs were invented by CMU researchers in 2000. What was the title of their paper?

Context: Paper title: 'Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Benno Krojer, Daniel Fried, Jiefu Ou Summary: This work proposes a simple yet effective and robust method for contrastive captioning: generating discriminative captions that distinguish target images from very similar alternative distractor images by leveraging an off-the-shelf CLIP model
Piyush Sharma, Nan Ding, Sebastian Goodman, and Radu Soricut. Conceptual captions: A cleaned, hypernymed, image alt-text dataset for automatic image captioning. In Proceedings of the 56th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers), pages 2556–2565, 2018.
Paper title: 'Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Liangyan Gui, Yu-Xiong Wang, Chuang Gan, Zhiqing Sun, Yikang Shen, Chunyuan Li, Sheng Shen, K. Keutzer, Yiming Yang, Shengcao Cao, Trevor Darrell, Haotian Liu Summary: A new alignment algorithm called Factually Augmented RLHF is proposed that augments the reward model with additional factual information such as image captions and ground-truth
16. CAPTCHAs, 2000 “Spam” and malicious attacks were a growing problem on the Internet when hackers developed automated “bots” that could sign up for email and other Web services without human intervention. Luis von Ahn (CS’03,’05), Nick Hopper (CS’04), John Langford (CS’02) and CMU professor Manuel Blum invented a “Completely Automated Public Turing Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart,” or CAPTCHA, to help foil the bots. A later variation, reCAPTCHA, is helping digitize old books and
14. Web search engines, 1994 The World Wide Web was still in its toddler stage when CMU researcher Michael “Fuzzy” Mauldin (CS’83,’89) developed one of the first successful search engines, Lycos. It was the most-visited site on the Web by 1999.
5. Emoticons, 1982 Sure, it was just a joke, but (for better or worse) it’s endured for more than three decades. CMU researcher Scott Fahlman created the emoticon to clear up misunderstandings on computer message boards. We’ve been looking at the world sideways ever since. :-)


Answer: 