Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper Do All Languages Cost the Same? Tokenization in the Era of Commercial Language Models, got published?

Context: 3 2 0 2

y a M 3 2

] L C . s c [

1 v 7 0 7 3 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Do All Languages Cost the Same? Tokenization in the Era of Commercial Language Models

♢

♠

♢

Orevaoghene Ahia

Sachin Kumar

Hila Gonen ♢♡

Jungo Kasai

♠

♢

David R. Mortensen

Noah A. Smith

Yulia Tsvetkov

♢

♢

Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence

♠

♡

Abstract
Paper title: 'Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Machine Learning Authors: Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Frank F. Xu Summary: This paper identifies three main reasons why k-nearest neighbor language models (kNN-LM) perform better than standard LMs: using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN
Paper title: 'Large Language Models Enable Few-Shot Clustering' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Tongshuang Sherry Wu, Kiril Gashteovski, Graham Neubig, Vijay Viswanathan, Carolin (Haas) Lawrence Summary: It is found that incorporating LLMs in the first two stages can routinely provide significant improvements in cluster quality, and that LLMs enable a user to make trade-offs between cost and accuracy to produce desired clusters.
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
equivalent (an oral presentation that at least t wo SCS faculty certify as being of

conference- talk quality).

Programming:  This is satisfied by demonstrating competence in computer programming

of language technology; this is normally satisfied in the course of the student's research

and/or project work.

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

Teaching:  This is satisfied by two (2) successful Teaching Assistantships ( TA-ships), as


Answer: 