Question: Was Monica Harrison ever a member of the Carnegie Mellon Hall of Fame Selection Committee?

Context: We thank the anonymous reviewers for their help- ful feedback. We express sincere gratitude to the members of the ArticuLabo at Inria Paris for their invaluable assistance in the successful completion of this research, and to the members of the Artic- uLab at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh for answering our questions about their prior work. This study received support from the French gov- ernment, administered by the Agence Nationale de la Recherche, as part of the "Investissements
We thank the anonymous reviewers for their help- ful feedback. We express sincere gratitude to the members of the ArticuLab at Inria Paris for their invaluable assistance in the successful completion of this research, and to the members of the Articu- Lab at Carnegie Mellon Pittsburgh for answering our questions about their prior work. This study re- ceived support from the French government, admin- istered by the Agence Nationale de la Recherche, as part of the "Investissements d’avenir"
3 2 0 2

y a M 7

] I

A . s c [

1 v 4 5 1 4 0 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Score: A Rule Engine for the Scone Knowledge Base System

Jeffrey Chen

CMU-CS-21-116

May 2021

Computer Science Department School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Thesis Committee: Scott E. Fahlman, Carnegie Mellon University Computer Science Department and Language Technologies Institute

Alessandro Oltramari Bosch Research & Technology Center, Pittsburgh
Inductees will be selected by a committee comprised of Carnegie Mellon University staff, faculty, a board of trustee member, coaches and a student representative. The Athletics Hall of Fame will endeavor to induct not less than 15 individuals for induction in its first year and not less than 6 in any year thereafter, subject to the discretion of the Nominating Committee. The below will set forth the criteria for selection to the Athletics Hall of Fame.
Ben Matzke is one such passionate alumnus. A 2011 mechanical engineering graduate, Matzke, former chair of the student group CIA (Carnegie Involvement Association), is chair of the Buggy Alumni Association's Centennial Planning Committee. He attended the first rolls to officially kick off the 100th anniversary season.
Scotty's road from popular icon to official mascot of the university began in 2006. Carnegie Mellon formed a Mascot Identity Task Force in November 2006, which consisted of students, faculty, staff and alumni. The Task Force was co-chaired by Director of Athletics Susan Bassett and Dean of Student Affairs Jennifer Church.


Answer: 