Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper An Approach to Ontological Learning from Weak Labels, got published?

Context: Renzhi Wu, Shen-En Chen, Jieyu Zhang, and Xu Chu. Learning hyper label model for programmatic weak supervision. In International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2023a.

Zhenguo Wu, Jiaqi Lv, and Masashi Sugiyama. Learning with proper partial labels. Neural Computation, 35(1):58–81, Jan 2023b. ISSN 1530-888X. doi: 10.1162/neco_a_01554. URL http://dx.doi.org/10.1162/neco_a_01554.
Paper title: 'Imprecise Label Learning: A Unified Framework for Learning with Various Imprecise Label Configurations' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Jindong Wang, B. Raj, Masashi Sugiyama, Ankit Shah, R. Tao, Xingxu Xie, Yidong Wang, Hao Chen, Rita Singh Summary: Imprecise label learning (ILL) is introduced, a framework for the unification of learning with various imprecise label configurations, marking the first unified framework with robust and
layer. In International Conference on Learning Representations (ICLR), 2016.

Chen Gong, Tongliang Liu, Yuanyan Tang, Jian Yang, Jie Yang, and Dacheng Tao. A regularization approach for instance-based superset label learning. IEEE transactions on cybernetics, 48(3): 967–978, 2017.
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the
visit the Human Resources Service website to learn more about Form I-9 and E-Verify and to schedule an appointment to complete the Form I-9. 5.2 Conference Travel Funding Students funded by a research project may receive travel funding according to policies set by the individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding, with a larger amount available for travel to present a refereed conference paper.


Answer: 