Question: FLARE method from Jiang et al., was evaluated on four knowledge-intensive tasks. What are these tasks?

Context: We evaluate the effectiveness of FLARE on 4 di- verse knowledge-intensive tasks using few-shot in- context learning (Radford et al., 2019; Brown et al., 2020; Liu et al., 2023). We follow previous works (Trivedi et al., 2022) to sub-sample at most 500 examples from each dataset due to the cost of run- ning experiments. Datasets, metrics, and settings are summarized in Table 7 of Appendix B. The hyperparameters of FLARE are selected based on the development set and listed in Table 9. FLARE
sidering the impressive performance achieved by GPT-3.5 (Ouyang et al., 2022) on a variety of tasks, we examine the effectiveness of our meth- ods on text-davinci-003. We evaluate FLARE on 4 diverse tasks/datasets involving generating long outputs, including multihop QA (2WikiMul- tihopQA), commonsense reasoning (StrategyQA), long-form QA (ASQA), and open-domain summa- rization (WikiAsp) (Ho et al., 2020; Geva et al., 2021; Stelmakh et al., 2022; Hayashi et al., 2021). Over all tasks, FLARE
relevant doc- uments to regenerate the sentence if it contains low-confidence tokens. We test FLARE along with baselines comprehensively over 4 long- form knowledge-intensive generation tasks/- datasets. FLARE achieves superior or compet- itive performance on all tasks, demonstrating the effectiveness of our method.1
17 Implement and evaluate complex, scalable data science systems, with emphasis on providing experimental evidence for design decisions.  Anticipate and avert structural and/or implementation problems with systems design, especially with scaling and tail distributions.

HCDS. Students electing to complete the Human-Centered Data Science (HCDS) concentration will also learn to:
Analytics. Students electing to complete the Analytics concentration will also learn to:

Design, implement and evaluate a software system and machine

learning model on real world datasets at real world scale.

Analyze and document data science requirements in different application domains and survey as well as critique state of the art solutions for those requirements.

Systems. Students electing to complete the Systems concentration will also learn to:
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.


Answer: 