Question: Who is the current Associate Director of Athletics, Recreational Programs?

Context: frontiersin.org

Belmar

which directs and contributes to the development of the exercise of training, which we call pedagogical model (Ortiz et al., 2015).
This editorial represents a collaborative effort between the current co-editors-in-chief of the International Journal of Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning (ijCSCL) and the recent co-editor-in-chief of the Journal of Learning Analytics (JLA), Alyssa Wise, who is also a member of the ijC(LA) have made a presence in ijCSCL. This issue in particular comprises four full articles within this scope, in addition to a timely exposition on Col- laborative Learning from an ethics perspective.
Conditional augmentation

Label prompt embeddingGenerated “sports-like” instance

Decision boundary

Instruction: Discuss the sportsaspect of the article.

GPTConditionally Augmented TextSmith is a lifelong sports fan and has been an avid athlete throughout his life. He has long been a supporter of youth sports programs and has worked tirelessly to promote sports to promote health, fitness, and teamwork.+Instruction/Prompt

Label prompt for sportsTrue label: businessPseudo label: sports
In August 2012, the Carnegie Mellon Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation launched the Tartan Athletics Club. Developed by a group of passionate alums and friends of Carnegie Mellon Athletics, the Tartan Athletics Club mission and goals are as follows:
sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics c lasses in the University Center, as well as occasional workshops and instruction

related to fitness and health. The Athletics Office is located in the Skibo Gymnasium. MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 36

The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight -lane pool, racquetball and squash
sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics

classes in the University Center as well as occasional workshops and instruction related to fitness and health . The administrative offices are located in the Cohon University Fitness Center .

The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight -lane pool, racquetball and squash

courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for basketball and volleyball. With renovations to


Answer: 