Question: In the MCDS degree, what are the two names of the tracks you can take in your plan of study? One of these is a 16 month degree and the other is a 20 month degree. Answer with the names of the two tracks with an 'and' in between.

Context: More formally, each node u ∈ G of degree d is represented in G′ by two cycles of length (2d + 3), which we will call the “top” and “bottom” cycles. As in the proof of Proposition 16, for each neighbor v of u, each of the two cycles contains two adjacent nodes, which can be thought of as the “ports” that allow us to “go to” and “come from” the corresponding cycle of v. That is, there are two adjacent nodes utop v in the “top” cycle of u, which are (cid:1) connected to the corresponding nodes
abandoned that pretty quickly and wandered quite a bit in college, trying to find a major, and finally ended up in history and was pretty happy with that. I would have shifted to music, but I didn’t really have an image of what you could do with that, and at that point, people usually graduated in four years. The idea of stretching it on seemed odd, so I stayed with a history major and had no real direction. It ended up being almost an accident that I went to graduate school.
Given this context, would B.A and M.D. link to the same entity’s article on Wikipedia? No

1) B.A

Context Sentences: a) "He matriculated at Jesus College , Oxford on 26 April 1616 , aged 16 , then transferred to Christ ’s College , Cambridge ( B.A 1620 , M.A. 1623 , D.D. 1640 ) ."

2) bachelor
Professional Preparation Track – a 16

month degree consisting of study for Fall and Spring semesters, a summer internship, and Fall semester of study. Each semester consists of a minimum of 48 units of study. This timing is typical for most students. The student graduates in December.

Research Preparation Track – a 20
Regardless of the timing option, all MCDS students must complete a minimum of 144 units to graduate. Here are the options: Standard Timing — a 16-month degree consisting of study for fall and spring semesters, a summer internship, and fall semester of study. Each semester comprises a minimum of 48 units. This timing is typical for most students. Students graduate in December. Extended Timing — a 20-month degree consisting of study for fall and spring semesters, a summer internship, and a second
The MIIS degree is offered in  two options:

Option 1. Standard MIIS degree  (MIIS -16) - A 16 -month track that is completed in three

academic semesters (fall, spring, fall) and a summer internship.

Option 2. MIIS: Advanced Study degree  (MIIS -21) - A 21 -month track that is completed in

four academic semesters (fall, spring, fall, spring) and a summer internship.

MIIS: Advanced Study track offers in depth  degree in one of the following areas of

concentration:


Answer: 