Question: How does SenteCon affect predictive performance on downstream tasks?

Context: We evaluate the implications of SENTECON(+) on downstream predictive performance. Our results, including comparisons with baseline models, are shown in Tables 1 and 2. Importantly, we find that: (1) Both SENTECON and SENTECON+ per- form better than the Lexicon and Lexi- con+word2vec approaches do on downstream tasks (Table 1). This finding suggests that by mod- eling sentence-level context, SENTECON and SEN- TECON+ improve text characterization with respect to not only human evaluation but also
text, and we ran a series of experiments using SEN- TECON in downstream predictive tasks. In doing so, we demonstrated that SENTECON and its exten- sion, SENTECON+, better represent the character and content of the text than traditional lexicons do. Furthermore, we showed that when used in con- junction with language models fine-tuned on the downstream task, SENTECON and SENTECON+ provide interpretability to deep language models without any loss of performance. These findings render SENTECON
representations. Given a passage of text, SENTECON encodes the text as a layer of interpretable categories in which each dimension corresponds to the rele- vance of a specific category. Our empirical eval- uations indicate that encoding language with SENTECON provides high-level interpretability at little to no cost to predictive performance on downstream tasks. Moreover, we find that SENTECON outperforms existing interpretable language representations with respect to both its downstream
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
our Future Faculty Program, both of which are designed to help participants be effectiv e and

efficient in their teaching roles. The Eberly Center also assists departments in creating and

conducting customized programs to meet the specific needs of their graduate student instructors.

Specific information about Eberly Center support for graduate students is found at:

https://www.cmu.edu/teaching/graduatestudentsupport/

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 44
exceed 12, and assign a grade at the end of the study. Th e faculty member must send

an email to the Director indicating such wi llingness. You can then register for 11-636.

Courses carrying more than 12 units in a se mester are NOT APPROVED as electives.

Students may take athletics or music or th eatrical performance courses that do not

require work outside of class times. Ho wever, such courses will NOT count toward

the 195 units required for graduation.

10.2.1  Incomplete Grades


Answer: 