Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Njall Skarphedinsson, Breki Gudmundsson, Abuzar Khan, H. Einarsson, H. Loftsson, Eric Nyberg, Steinar Smari, M. Lárusdóttir Summary: This work developed a novel crowd-sourcing platform to gather multiple-domain QA data for low-resource
Paper title: 'Chain-of-Skills: A Configurable Model for Open-Domain Question Answering' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Yu Zhang, Hao Cheng, Kaixin Ma, Jianfeng Gao, Eric Nyberg, Xiaodong Liu Summary: This work proposes a modular retriever where individual modules correspond to key skills that can be reused across datasets and achieves state-of-the-art fine-tuned retrieval performance on NQ, HotpotQA
Yingqi Qu, Yuchen Ding, Jing Liu, Kai Liu, Ruiyang Ren, Wayne Xin Zhao, Daxiang Dong, Hua Wu, and Haifeng Wang. 2021. RocketQA: An optimized training approach to dense passage retrieval for open- domain question answering. In Proceedings of the 2021 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Hu- man Language Technologies, pages 5835–5847, On- line. Association for Computational Linguistics.
21. RNA sequencing via videogames, 2010 Thanks to crowdsourcing, science isn’t just for scientists any more. People without formal training in molecular biology are producing new insights into genetic encoding through a videogame called EteRNA, developed by researchers at CMU and Stanford, that allows players to fold and shift RNA molecules to solve on-screen puzzles.
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Teruko Mitamura Email: teruko@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6711 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics Phone: 412-268-6596


Answer: 