Question: In the CSurF paper, what evaluation metrics were reported for MSMARCO?

Context: Table 2: Ablation study of FiT5. The evaluation metric is MRR@10 on MS MARCO and NDCG@10 on TREC DL.

Model All layers (l = 1) Top-6 layers (l = 7) Top-3 layers (l = 10) Top-2 layers (l = 11) Top-1 layer (l = 12) No global attention

FiT5 (w/o feature) 41.23 42.49 42.79 42.95 42.78 41.49

FiT5 40.83 43.36 43.93 43.43 43.07 40.95

Table 3: Performance on MS MARCO with global at- tention started to introduce at top-k transformer layers. The evaluation metric is MRR@10.

5.1 Overall Performance
reaches the best performance on MSMARCO, so we select this checkpoint for evaluation. The ratio between positive and hard negative pairs is 1:7 for both models. The main hyperparameters in MoMA include the total number of grounding documents K and the at- tention threshold number N in Equation 10. We directly set K=10 and N=5 without any parameter tuning. More details on hyperparameters and experimental settings can be found in Appendix A.3.
The most widely used evaluation metric for summarization is Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation (ROUGE), which compares an automatically generated summary to a human- generated summary by considering the overlapping units, such as n-grams, word sequences, and word pairs, between them (Lin 2004). Although ROUGE is a widely used evaluation metric, it is not very suitable for the evaluation of abstractive summarization systems as it relies on superﬁcial lexical overlap between the
contributions; other relevant research, including competing approaches; some preliminary results; the work that still must be completed; evaluation metrics for that work; and a LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 17

projected timeline for completion. Before presenting the proposal, the student will also
because they explain the program sequence, it s Core and Knowledge co urses requirements and

how students will meet the program learning outcomes.

10.7 End of Semester Evaluation

The MSAII program conducts an academic progress re view at the conclusion of each semester in

order to monitor individual student progress towa rds graduation. Should a student’s effort fall

below the acceptable level of academic perfor mance and/or fail to meet the standards
semester, the faculty evaluates each student's academic progress. The student's advisor serves

as the student's advocate in this process. The result of the evaluation is a letter from the faculty to the student that indicates whether the student is making satisfactory progress towards

completing the degree.

A good letter  typically indicates that the student is making satisfactory progress. If the student


Answer: 