Question: What version of ChatGPT is used to extract facts in the FacTool paper?

Context: Math Problems The fact-checking capability of FACTOOL on math problems is determined by the LLM’s capability to generate accurate Python snip- pets that verify the correctness of given extracted mathematical calculations. Both FACTOOL pow- ered by GPT-4 and FACTOOL powered by Chat- GPT excel in this regard. For example, both FAC- TOOL powered by GPT-4 and FACTOOL pow- ered by ChatGPT correctly identify 23 × 4319216 doesn’t equal to 99305768. Detailed examples can be found in Fig. 13 of Appendix
With the above challenges in mind, in this paper, we propose FACTOOL, a task and do- main agnostic framework for detecting factual errors of texts generated by large language models (e.g., ChatGPT). Experiments on four different tasks (knowledge-based QA, code generation, mathematical reasoning, and sci- entific literature review) show the efficacy of the proposed method. We release the code of FACTOOL associated with ChatGPT plu- gin interface at https://github.com/ GAIR-NLP/factool.
Figure 12: Examples of code claims verified by FACTOOL powered by ChatGPT and FACTOOL powered by GPT-4. The queries generated, evidences collected, the reasoning process, and the final decisions of FACTOOL powered by ChatGPT and FACTOOL powered by GPT-4 are reported.
as your own work. Any copied material MUST appe ar in quotation marks or italics and MUST

be accompanied by a citation to the original source. Failure to do this violates CMU’s Policy on

Academic Integrity, which states, “In all academic work to be graded, the citation of all sources

is required. … Plagiarism is defined as the use of work or concepts contributed by other

individuals without proper attribution or citation . Unique ideas or materia ls taken from another
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Daniel Fried Email: dfried@andrew.cmu.edu Research Areas: Natural Language Processing: Language and Code, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Discourse and Pragmatics, Multimodal AI

Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Anatole Gershman Email: anatole.gershman@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6415 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering Phone: 412-268-8259
in all-things information - including locatin g and obtaining specific resources, providing

specialized research support, advanced training in  the use and management of data. Sign up for

workshops and hands-on topic-spe cific sessions such as data visualization with Tableau,

cleaning data with OpenRefine, and getting st arted with Zotero. Weekly drop-in hours for

Digital Humanities and for Rese arch Data Research Managem ent are scheduled during the


Answer: 