Question: ICML is the abbreviation for which conference?

Context: Dongyoung Go, Tomasz Korbak, Germ´an Kruszewski, Jos Rozen, Nahyeon Ryu, and Marc Dymet- man. Aligning language models with preferences through f-divergence minimization. In Interna- tional Conference on Machine Learning (ICML), 2023. URL https://openreview.net/forum? id=ttga7UlrsE.
trillions of tokens. In International Conference on Machine Learning, ICML 2022, 17-23 July 2022, Bal- timore, Maryland, USA, volume 162 of Proceedings of Machine Learning Research, pages 2206–2240. PMLR.
John Schulman, Sergey Levine, Pieter Abbeel, Michael Jordan, and Philipp Moritz. Trust region policy optimization. In International conference on machine learningn (ICML), pages 1889–1897. PMLR, 2015. (Cited on page 5.)

John Schulman, Xi Chen, and Pieter Abbeel. Equivalence between policy gradients and soft

q-learning. arXiv preprint arXiv:1704.06440, 2017a. (Cited on page 5.)
Students do not register for the LTI Orientation, nor do they receive  a grade;  however , the

department is serious about its expectation that new students will attend these talks.

For many years, these talks were called "the Immigration Course (IC)" , which caused confusion.

The older name has been retired;  however , people who have been at CMU a long time may

occasionally use the older name.

4.7 End of Semester  Evaluation
standard course, because they provide a good introduction to the broad range of research done at

the LTI. Students do not register for the LTI Orientation, nor do they receive a grade; however, the department is serious about its expectation that new students will attend these talks.

For many years, these talks were called "the Immigration Course (IC)." The intuition behind this

name is that the talks help orient newly -arrived students – immigrants into the CMU
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.


Answer: 