Question: What tasks does ESPnet-ST-v2 support?

Context: ESPnet-ST-v2 is a revamp of the open-source ESPnet-ST toolkit necessitated by the broad- ening interests of the spoken language trans- lation community. ESPnet-ST-v2 supports 1) offline speech-to-text translation (ST), 2) simul- taneous speech-to-text translation (SST), and 3) offline speech-to-speech translation (S2ST) – each task is supported with a wide variety of approaches, differentiating ESPnet-ST-v2 from other open source spoken language trans- lation toolkits. This toolkit offers
We presented ESPnet-ST-v2 which now supports offline speech translation, simultaneous speech translation, and offline speech-to-speech transla- tion. ESPnet-ST-v2 will continue to grow to sup- port the community’s interests. Future updates may include more new tasks, such as simultane- ous speech-to-speech translation, and cross-toolkit integrations via TorchAudio.

Limitations
Figure 1 illustrates the software architecture of ESPnet-ST-v2. This modular design is an improve- ment over the ESPnet-ST-v1 where monolithic model and task definitions made it more difficult to extend and modify the toolkit. We also designed ESPnet-ST-v2 such that modules developed for ad- jacent tasks (e.g. ASR, TTS, MT) can also be readily used for spoken language translation.
development programs to support graduate students as teaching assistants or instructors of

record during their time at Carnegie Mellon University and as future faculty members at other

institutions. Regardless of one's current or future teaching context an d duties, Eberly’s goal is

to disseminate evidence -based teaching strategies in ways that are accessible and actionable.

Programs and services include campus -wide Graduate Student Instructor Orientation events
Mission:  The Carnegie Mellon University Tartan Athletics Club strives to support, grow and develop the athletics program by engagement of alumni, students, friends and leadership of Carnegie Mellon University. The Club will support the goals and mission of the athletics department, within the context of the University’s goals and mission. The Club will pursue targeted strategies to develop and enhance alumni relations, fundraising, development and other initiatives as determined by the Club
 Consultations on issues related to  the graduate student experience

The Graduate Education Office also works with the colleges and departments by informing and

assisting in developing policy and procedures re levant to graduate students and working with

departments on issues related to graduate students. Additionally we partner with many other

offices and organizations, such as the Graduate St udent Assembly, to support the holistic graduate

student educational experience


Answer: 