Question: How many languages does ML-SUPERB cover?

Context: ML-SUPERB is designed to cover a wide range of lan- guages, including both high-resource languages like English and endangered languages such as Totonac. The benchmark pri- marily focuses on evaluating SSL models for automatic speech recognition (ASR) and language identification (LID). To ac- commodate different use cases for SSL models, ML-SUPERB includes two tracks with four different tasks: the monolingual track (monolingual ASR), and the multilingual track (multilin- gual ASR, LID, joint
Speech processing Universal PERformance Benchmark (SU- PERB) is a leaderboard to benchmark the performance of Self- Supervised Learning (SSL) models on various speech process- ing tasks. However, SUPERB largely considers English speech in its evaluation. This paper presents multilingual SUPERB (ML-SUPERB), covering 143 languages (ranging from high- resource to endangered), and considering both automatic speech recognition and language identification. Following the concept of SUPERB, ML-SUPERB
Several existing benchmarks also include multilingual SSL models [13–15]. Lebenchmark primarily evaluates speech tasks in French [13]; IndicSUPERB focuses mostly on Indian lan- guages [14]. XTREME-S focuses on multilingual speech rep- resentation benchmarks, including ASR, speech translation, speech classification, and speech retrieval [15]. There are three main differences between XTREME-S and ML-SUPERB. Firstly, ML-SUPERB covers a wider range of languages, with 143 languages compared to
are included in Appendix A of this handbook.

1.2 The MLT Degree

The Master of Language Technologies (MLT) is a research- oriented Master of Science degree

offered by the Language Technologies Institute (LTI), a graduate department in the School of

Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. The MLT program is a 24 -month program

consisting of courses, directed research, and an optional Masters ' Thesis. Typical research
10-605, Machine Learning with Large Data sets (12 units). First spring semester.

11-611, Natural Language Processing (12 units). Second fall semester.

11-785, Deep Learning (12 unit s). Second spring semester.

One more 12-unit AI, ML or NLP course of the student’s choice (with approval of the

Program Director)

In the event that a course is not available, a course covering equivalent material with a
in the U.S. Many of these students want to hone their language and cross -cultural skills for

academic and professional success. Students can make an appointment with a Language MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 43

Development Specialist to get individualized coaching on language or cross -cultural issues.

Students can choose from sessions on:

How to give a strong presentation

Writing academic emails

Analyzing expectations and strategies for clear academ ic writing


Answer: 