Question: What are some of the metrics incorporated in Pentathlon for efficiency evaluation?

Context: Comprehensive metrics (§2.3): Pentathlon evaluates models with five crucial metrics, including throughput, latency, memory overhead, the number of parameters, and energy consumption, hence the name Pentathlon. This provides a more holistic understanding of a model’s efficiency.
progress in real-world applications. In response, we introduce efficiency Pentathlon, a benchmark for holistic and realistic evaluation of model efficiency. Pentathlon focuses on inference, which accounts for a majority of the compute in a model’s lifecycle. It offers a strictly-controlled hardware platform, and is designed to mirror real-world applications scenarios. It incorporates a suite of metrics that target different aspects of efficiency, including latency, throughput, memory overhead,
Figure 1: By submitting to Pentathlon, practition- ers can compare their models against all previous submissions on identical hardware, eliminating the need to re-implement previous works and substan- tially reducing the workloads for fair efficiency comparisons. Models are evaluated in four real- istic scenarios designed to mirror real-world ap- plications. Our platform evaluates the submission across five crucial efficiency metrics, including throughput, latency, memory overhead, the num- ber
contributions; other relevant research, including competing approaches; some preliminary results; the work that still must be completed; evaluation metrics for that work; and a LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 17

projected timeline for completion. Before presenting the proposal, the student will also
capstone project goals, requirements, success metrics, and deliverables; and

identifies and acquires data, software, and other resources required for successful

completion of the project. The planning seminar must be completed in the semester prior to taking the capstone project.

4.6 Registration Process/Procedures

Students are responsible for registering for their courses. Use the Stellic Degree Audit
17 Implement and evaluate complex, scalable data science systems, with emphasis on providing experimental evidence for design decisions.  Anticipate and avert structural and/or implementation problems with systems design, especially with scaling and tail distributions.

HCDS. Students electing to complete the Human-Centered Data Science (HCDS) concentration will also learn to:


Answer: 