Question: In the BASS paper from Interspeech 2023, what is the solution proposed to address the issue with training end-to-end speech summarization models on very large inputs?

Context: Paper title: 'Exploration of Efficient End-to-End ASR using Discretized Input from Self-Supervised Learning' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Interspeech Authors: Xuankai Chang, Yuya Fujita, Takashi Maekaku, Shinji Watanabe, Brian Yan Summary: This paper proposes a new protocol that utilizes discretized token sequences in ASR tasks, which includes de-duplication and sub-word modeling to enhance the input sequence and reduces computational cost by decreasing the length of
L. Lugosch et al., “Speech Model Pre-Training for End-to-End Spoken Language Understanding,” in Proc. Interspeech, 2019, pp. 814–818.

[31] K. Shim, J. Choi, and W. Sung, “Understanding the role of self attention for efficient speech recognition,” in Proc. ICLR, 2022.

[32] C. Wang et al., “Supervision-Guided Codebooks for Masked Prediction in Speech Pre-training,” in Proc. Interspeech, 2022, pp. 2643–2647.

[33] H. Y. Kim et al., “ASBERT: Asr-specific self-supervised learn-
P. Ogayo, G. Neubig, and A. W Black, “Building African Voices,” in Proc. In- terspeech, 2022, pp. 1263–1267.

[6]

C. Zhang, B. Li, T. Sainath, et al., “Streaming end-to-end multilingual speech recognition with joint language identiﬁcation,” Proc. Interspeech, 2022.

[7]

J. Bai, B. Li, Y. Zhang, et al., “Joint unsupervised and supervised training for multilingual asr,” in Proc. ICASSP, 2022.

[8]
statement” that describes the claimed solution to the research problem that is the thesis

topic.

Thesis Proposal:  Near the end of the student’s third year, the student will compose a

dissertation proposal. In this document, the student will specify the problem the research addresses (the thesis topic); the significance of the problem and expected scie ntific
To emphasize student research, improve public speaking skills and increase internal awareness of LTI work, all LTI Ph.D.  students must complete an oral presentation at the LTI each year (by

the end of May). The presentation should consist of a 20- minute ta lk plus time for discussion. It

must be advertised to the LTI mailing lists at least one week before your presentation, and the public will be invited. (The thesis proposal and defense each count towards this requirement.)
summarizes processes available to graduate students who seek review of academic and non-academic issues. Generally, graduate students are expected to seek informal resolution of all concerns within the applicable department, unit or program before invoking formal processes. When an informal resolution cannot be reached, however, a graduate student who seeks further review of the matter is to follow the formal procedures outlined here. These appeal and grievance procedures shall apply to


Answer: 