Question: How many modalities does the MultiBench benchmark include?

Context: for different tasks. MultiBench spans 10 diverse modalities (images, video, audio, text, time-series, various robotics sensors, sets, and tables), 15 prediction tasks (humor, sentiment, emotions, mortality rate, ICD-9 codes, image-captions, human activities, digits, robot pose, object pose, robot contact, and design interfaces), and 5 research areas (affective computing, healthcare, multimedia, robotics, and HCI). These datasets are designed to test a combination of feature learning and
We use LLaVA-Bench (Liu et al., 2023a) and our MMHAL-BENCH as our main evaluation met- rics for their high alignment with human preferences. In addition, we conducted tests on widely- recognized Large Multimodal Model benchmarks. We employed MMBench (Liu et al., 2023b), a multi-modal benchmark offering an objective evaluation framework comprising 2,974 multiple- choice questions spanning 20 ability dimensions. This benchmark utilizes ChatGPT to juxtapose model predictions against desired
We collect SemanticSTF by leveraging the STF bench- mark [3], a multi-modal adverse-weather dataset that was jointly collected in Germany, Sweden, Denmark, and Fin- land. The data in STF have multiple modalities including LiDAR point clouds and they are collected under various adverse weather conditions such as snow and fog. How- ever, STF provides bounding-box annotations only for the In SemanticSTF, we manu- study of 3D detection tasks. ally selected 2,076 scans captured by a Velodyne HDL64
Multi-processor machines emerge CSD emerged from the brief crisis as a highly agile, interdisciplinary entity, with many new faculty members taking joint appointments with other CMU departments. Several large projects emerged in the Computer Science Department, including C.mmp, the first shared-memory multiprocessor computer, with 16 processing units, and Cm*, a 50-processor computer. These computers were the forerunners of today’s ubiquitous multi-core desktops and laptops.
rules carried over from the pre-war era, including that track and cross-country runners were ineligible, buggies must stay in their lanes on the front hills, buggies may have no less than 3 and no more than 5 wheels, and no switching of drivers.
2. Multi-core processors, 1971 Multi-core processors are common in today’s computers, but they were still science fiction in the early 1970s. But when CMU researchers found their existing machines too slow to keep pace with the advance of speech and graphics programs, they knew they had to do something. They solved the problem by ganging together 16 processors to build a pioneering computer called C.mmp—then topped the feat by linking 50 processors into Cm*.


Answer: 