Question: What is the effect of training speakers with a highly weighted ToM listener component?

Context: (2021), we build language-learning agents equipped with ToM, and measure its effects on the learning process. We model ToM by giving the speaker agent an internal listener model that is trained alongside the speaker and used to rerank potential utterances. We experiment with varying task difﬁculty, hy- pothesizing that models will acquire more complex language to adapt to stronger environmental pressures. We ﬁnd that training speakers with a highly weighted ToM listener component leads to
Paper title: 'Computational Language Acquisition with Theory of Mind' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Learning Representations Authors: Hao Zhu, Graham Neubig, Yonatan Bisk, Andy T. Liu, Emmy Liu Summary: It is found that training speakers with a highly weighted ToM listener component leads to performance gains in the authors' image referential game setting, and suggests the potential utility of further incorporating ToM, as well as other
We also ﬁnd that the usage of a highly-weighted ToM listener leads to signiﬁcant ﬂuency gains when training on both easy (15.6% relative increase in ﬂuency score) and hard (11.6%) distractors. We also see longer and more complex utterances when using normally or highly weighted ToM listeners. Additionally, we ﬁnd limited gains in general captioning ability between baseline and high-weight models, as measured by BLEU score. However, these effects are more subtle, and do not always lead to
https://www.cmu.edu/policies/faculty/evaluation- certification -english -fluency-

instructors.html .

The fluency of all instructional personnel will be rated by Language Support in the S tudent

Academic Success Center to determine at what level of responsibility the student can TA. In addition to administering the International Teaching Assistant (ITA) Test (a mandatory screening for all non -native speakers of English), Language Support in the Student Academic
Success Center helps teaching assistants who are non- native English speakers develop fluency

and cultural understanding to teach successfully at Carnegie Mellon. Visit the Student Academic

Success Center website for additional information: https://www.cmu.edu/student- success/

.

5.2 LTI Academic Policies

5.2.1 “Grandfather” policy

A student can graduate under the policies in effect at the time that the student entered the
https://www.cmu.edu/policies/faculty/evaluation -certification -english -fluency -instructors.html

The fluency of all instructional personnel will be rated  by Language Support in the Student

Academic Success Center to determine at what level of responsibility the student can TA.

In addition to administering the International Teaching Assistant (ITA) Test (a mandatory

screening test for any non- native speake r of English), Language Support in the Student Academic


Answer: 