Question: Which benchmark was used in the study?

Context: Benchmark scope and human ambiguity The datasets used in this study were limited in scope and size; ToM is required in most human interac- tion, and thus unbounded in scope. In addition,

9OpenAI acknowledged that GPT-4 was trained on test

data from BIGBench (OpenAI, 2023, footnote 5).

10See Appendix 8.5 for an attempt to quantify such data

leakage.

10
These are the state-of-the-art methods in recent benchmark studies. They
In a recent study, we translated the English Semantic Textual Similarity benchmark dataset (STSb) (Cer et al. 2017) into Turkish using the Google Cloud Translation API (Google Cloud 2021). The translations in the new dataset, called STSb-TR, were found to be of high quality (Beken Fikri et al. 2021). The STSb dataset consists of a selection of the English datasets used in SemEval STS studies between 2012 and 2017. There are 8628 sentence pairs in total (5749 train, 1500 dev, 1379 test). Scores
Students must demonstrate their mastery of material taught in courses and their success in

applying their skills in directed study by satisfying the following grade requirements:

1. Minimum grade:  Only courses with a grade of C (2.0) or higher are counted as satisfying a degree requirement.

2. Pass/fail:   Pass/fail grades are not permitted for courses and projects used to satisfy a

degr ee requirement.

4.1.2 Research Speaking Requirement
used for course assignments, directed study projects , and/or capstone projects. The LTI cluster

provides storage and computation for projects involving large datasets and/or lengthy computation.

3 Master’s Degree Completion and Certification

3.1 Standard Degree Requirements an d Degree Certification

3.1.1 Graduate Students
units of eligible study: The course and course grade will appear on the student’s transcript, and the course grade will factor as part of the student’s QPA. 183.3.13 Independent study course Independent study courses allow students to cover study of a particular area of interest, and are used when no formal course is available in a given subject area. Students who are interested in continuing to a Ph.D. degree often enroll in Independent Study, since it offers the opportunity to perform


Answer: 