Question: Which institute did Carnegie Tech merge with in 1967?

Context: EDepartment of Computer Science, ETH Zurich CLanguage Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University YDepartment of Computer Science, Brigham Young University {vzouhar,msachan}@ethz.ch natbcar@gmail.com {kalvinc,cxcui,nrrobins,dmortens}@cs.cmu.edu

Abstract
3 2 0 2

r p A 6 2

] L C . s c [

1 v 4 6 6 3 1 . 4 0 3 2 : v i X r a

USING IMPLICIT FEEDBACK TO IMPROVE QUESTION GENERATION

Hugo Rodrigues Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa INESC-ID Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University hugo.p.rodrigues@tecnico.ulisboa.pt

Eric Nyberg Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University ehn@cs.cmu.edu

Luisa Coheur Instituto Superior Técnico, Universidade de Lisboa INESC-ID luisa.coheur@tecnico.ulisboa.pt
Noah A. Smith♢♠ Hannaneh Hajishirzi♢♠ ♠Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence ♢Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington ♡Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University ♣Institute for Language, Cognition and Computation, University of Edinburgh {haop,jessed,matthewp,kylel,sams,darrellp,beltagy,petew}@allenai.org {qicao,nasmith,hannaneh}@cs.washington.edu {jaredfern,strubell}@cmu.edu, tom.sherborne@ed.ac.uk

Abstract
In 1967, Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute, a science research center founded by the Mellon family of Pittsburgh, to become known as Carnegie Mellon University. The merger built upon a long history of support from the Mellons. It allowed Carnegie Mellon to establish the last of its current pillars: the Mellon College of Science and the College of Humanities and Social Sciences, now known as Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences. In 2017, Carnegie Mellon
Computer Science Department established In 1965, Carnegie Tech established its Computer Science Department, or CSD, with a $5 million grant from the R.K. Mellon Foundation. Perlis was the first department head. There were no undergraduates; only Ph.D. students were admitted, and the department’s focus was on research, much of it funded by the federal government through the Defense Department’s Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. In 1967, Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?

Carnegie Technical Schools was founded in 1900 by Andrew Carnegie. Twelve years later it became known as the Carnegie Institute of Technology. In 1967, the school merged with Mellon Institute and became what is known today as Carnegie Mellon University.


Answer: 