Question: Is there a limit on the number of guests who can attend the main commencement ceremony?

Context: qualification questions during the task stage, our user study has 454 remaining participants.
Generate a yes or no answer to the following question. Question: Is it common to see frost during some college commencements? Answer: College commencement ceremonies can happen in December, May, and June. December is in the winter, so there can be frost. Thus, there could be frost at some commencements. So the final answer is yes.
So, to make sure that any person can serve as a supervisor of such lower-level group, we need to make sure that this group contains no more than 5 people – otherwise people who can only keep 5 ideas in their mind at the same time will not be able to effectively supervise this group.

On the other hand, everyone can keep 5 ideas, so it will be a waste of resources to make these primary groups with fewer then 5 folks.

Thus, the ideal size of the primary group is 5.
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
All tuition and fees must be paid in full by the due date; a student not in good financial standing

will be dismissed from the program. Students ta king summer courses must pay tuition.

11.3 Graduation Ceremonies

The University holds one Commencement ceremony in May of each year. Only students who

have completed their degree requirem ents may participate in Commencement.

There are no August or December commencement ceremonies.

11.3.1 Withdrawal of Degree
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 