Question: What is the name of the benchmark that extends SUPERB to multiple languages?

Context: Speech processing Universal PERformance Benchmark (SU- PERB) is a leaderboard to benchmark the performance of Self- Supervised Learning (SSL) models on various speech process- ing tasks. However, SUPERB largely considers English speech in its evaluation. This paper presents multilingual SUPERB (ML-SUPERB), covering 143 languages (ranging from high- resource to endangered), and considering both automatic speech recognition and language identification. Following the concept of SUPERB, ML-SUPERB
Several existing benchmarks also include multilingual SSL models [13–15]. Lebenchmark primarily evaluates speech tasks in French [13]; IndicSUPERB focuses mostly on Indian lan- guages [14]. XTREME-S focuses on multilingual speech rep- resentation benchmarks, including ASR, speech translation, speech classification, and speech retrieval [15]. There are three main differences between XTREME-S and ML-SUPERB. Firstly, ML-SUPERB covers a wider range of languages, with 143 languages compared to
ML-SUPERB is designed to cover a wide range of lan- guages, including both high-resource languages like English and endangered languages such as Totonac. The benchmark pri- marily focuses on evaluating SSL models for automatic speech recognition (ASR) and language identification (LID). To ac- commodate different use cases for SSL models, ML-SUPERB includes two tracks with four different tasks: the monolingual track (monolingual ASR), and the multilingual track (multilin- gual ASR, LID, joint
22. Language learning software, 2010 Learning a second language has always been challenging, but a CMU spinoff called Duolingo is proving that it doesn’t have to be expensive. Duolingo has developed language tutoring software that enables users to learn Spanish, English, Italian, German, Portuguese or French for free through its website and mobile apps. In the process, Duolingo users are helping to translate the Web.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Shinji Watanabe Email: swatanab@andrew.cmu.edu Research Areas: Natural Language Processing: Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Speech Processing (ASR, Speech Synthesis): Speech Recognition, Speech Synthesis, Multilingual/Low-Resource Speech Processing, Speech-to-Speech Translation, Speech Enhancement / Robust Speech Processing Phone: 412-268-3687

Language Technologies Institute

Faculty

Name: Sean Welleck
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Alexander Waibel Email: waibel@cs.cmu.edu Office: 205 407 South Craig Street Research Areas: Spoken Language Translation, Machine Translation, Speech Processing, Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Multimodal Interaction, Dialog Processing Phone: 412-268-7676


Answer: 