Question: Where is the SENTECON paper published at?

Context: Paper title: 'SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Victoria Lin, Louis-Philippe Morency Summary: This work presents SenteCon, a method for introducing human interpretability in deep language representations that outperforms existing interpretable language representations with respect to both its downstream performance and
In this paper we introduced SENTECON, a human- interpretable language representation that captures sentence context while retaining the benefits of interpretable lexicons. We conducted human evalu- ations to determine the agreement between SENTE- CON representations and the actual content of the
1Our code and data are publicly available at https://

github.com/torylin/sentecon/.

2We use the term “sentence” for clarity, but our approach is also applicable to longer passages of text like paragraphs and documents, as our experiments show.

Figure 1: A comparison of lexicon-based language representations and SENTECON. While lexicons encode word- level category counts, SENTECON parses whole sentences and encodes sentence-level category intensities.
provides a number of black-and-white and co lor printers for use by students. The SCS

Computer Facilities publishes a list of printers online at https://computing.cs.cmu.edu/desktop/printing. Wh en you send a file to  the print queue, you

may go to any of the listed printers, swipe yo ur CMU ID, and the file will be printed on that

printer.

9.3 Computers for MS Students

Students are expected to provide their own laptop computers that can be used to access
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
The use of a photocopier or printer requires you to log in with your CMU ID card. LTI’s printers

are located in GHC 5404 and GHC 6604. The School of Computer Science provides a number of

black -and-white and color printers for use by students. The SCS Computer Facilities publishes a

list of printers online at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~help/printing/.

2.1.3 Office Space for MS Students

To help create a sense of community, full time students in the LTI’s MIIS program have access to a


Answer: 