Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement, got published?

Context: [12] Li Wan, Quan Wang, Alan Papir, and Ignacio Lopez Moreno, “Generalized end-to-end loss for speaker verification,” in 2018 IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech and Signal Processing (ICASSP). IEEE, 2018, pp. 4879–4883.
Paper title: 'Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing Authors: Yifan Peng, Jiatong Shi, William Chen, Shinji Watanabe, Brian Yan, Soumi Maiti Summary: This work introduces work on improving performance on FLEURS, a 102-language open ASR benchmark, by conditioning the entire model on language identity (LID), and investigates techniques
Paper title: 'Structured Pruning of Self-Supervised Pre-Trained Models for Speech Recognition and Understanding' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing Authors: Yifan Peng, Kwangyoun Kim, Felix Wu, Shinji Watanabe, Prashant Sridhar Summary: This work proposes three task-specific structured pruning methods to deal with heterogeneous speech models that not only utilize a stack of Transformer blocks, but also
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the


Answer: 