Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Machine Learning Authors: Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Frank F. Xu Summary: This paper identifies three main reasons why k-nearest neighbor language models (kNN-LM) perform better than standard LMs: using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN
Urvashi Khandelwal, Omer Levy, Dan Jurafsky, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Mike Lewis. 2020. Generalization through memorization: Nearest neighbor language models. In 8th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2020, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, April 26-30, 2020. OpenReview.net.
Urvashi Khandelwal, Omer Levy, Dan Jurafsky, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Mike Lewis. Generalization through Memorization: Nearest Neighbor Language Models. In International Conference on Learning Representa- tions (ICLR), 2020b.

Yinhan Liu, Myle Ott, Naman Goyal, Jingfei Du, Mandar Joshi, Danqi Chen, Omer Levy, Mike Lewis, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Veselin Stoyanov. Roberta: A robustly optimized bert pretraining approach. arXiv preprint arXiv:1907.11692, 2019.
equivalent (an oral presentation that at least t wo SCS faculty certify as being of

conference- talk quality).

Programming:  This is satisfied by demonstrating competence in computer programming

of language technology; this is normally satisfied in the course of the student's research

and/or project work.

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

Teaching:  This is satisfied by two (2) successful Teaching Assistantships ( TA-ships), as
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the


Answer: 