Question: What is the name of Yonatan Bisk's lab?

Context: Yonatan Bisk, Rowan Zellers, Ronan Le Bras, Jianfeng Gao, and Yejin Choi. PIQA: reasoning In Proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth AAAI about physical commonsense in natural language. Conference on Artificial Intelligence, AAAI, pages 7432–7439, New York, NY, USA, 2020.

[CCE+18]
Hao Zhu, Graham Neubig, and Yonatan Bisk. Few-shot language coordination by modeling theory of mind. In International Conference on Machine Learning, pp. 12901–12911. PMLR, 2021.

Hao Zhu, Yonatan Bisk, and Graham Neubig. Simulated language learning through communicative goals and linguistic input. Proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the Cognitive Science Society, 44:1351–1358, 2022.

A APPENDIX

A.1 FULL EFFECTS OF DISTRACTOR DIFFICULTY
com/blog/chatgpt/.

Rowan Zellers, Ari Holtzman, Hannah Rashkin, Yonatan Bisk, Ali Farhadi, Franziska Roesner, and Yejin Choi. Defending against neural fake news. Advances in neural information processing systems, 32, 2019.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Yonatan Bisk Email: ybisk@cs.cmu.edu Office: Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Grounding, RoboNLP, Vision and Language, Embodiment, Unsupervised Learning
Fringe vehicles often are named with the letter "B," like Boson, Blueshift, Bissa and Bumper. Other teams, such as Apex, often use names that connotate fire, while the SDC (Student Dormitory Committee) team, uses names such as Vice, Bane, Avarice and Malice.

This year's buggy names will be under wraps until Thursday, when the Buggy Showcase will take place from noon to 2 p.m. in Weigand Gymnasium in the Cohon University Center. It's one of the few times spectators can see buggies up close.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Bhiksha Ramakrishnan Email: bhiksha@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6705 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing, Privacy Phone: 412-268-9826


Answer: 