Question: How many months does the advanced study MIIS degree typically take?

Context: In order to evaluate the applicability of our approach, we analyze its cost. Figure 8 shows a boxplot of the time taken in hours for our experiments. We find that the time taken varies a lot between different benchmarks and in some cases even across different runs on the same benchmark. We find that MO-GI takes between 0.1 hours and 20.6 hours, with a median time across the benchmarks of 2.6 hours. The main source of variation across the benchmarks is the difference in time taken by the test
Hi, thanks for taking the time to talk with me! My collaborators on this project and I work for CMU. We can be reached at [emails] should you have any questions for us during the study or after.

This interview will take between 45 minutes and an hour. There will be no compensation for participation.

Participation is always voluntary, and you may refuse to participate in the research study or stop participation at any time.
We estimate the total GPU time for results presented in this paper did not exceed approximately 116 days of time on a single 48-GB A6000. The longest-training models, SLED and retrieval training for GovReport, took approximately 10 days to train.
The MIIS degree is offered in  two options:

Option 1. Standard MIIS degree  (MIIS -16) - A 16 -month track that is completed in three

academic semesters (fall, spring, fall) and a summer internship.

Option 2. MIIS: Advanced Study degree  (MIIS -21) - A 21 -month track that is completed in

four academic semesters (fall, spring, fall, spring) and a summer internship.

MIIS: Advanced Study track offers in depth  degree in one of the following areas of

concentration:
Option 1. Standard MIIS degree (MIIS-16) - A 16-month track that is completed in three academic semesters (fall, spring, fall) and a summer internship. Option 2. MIIS: Advanced Study degree (MIIS-21) - A 21-month track that is completed in four academic semesters (fall, spring, fall, spring) and a summer internship. MIIS: Advanced Study track offers indepth degree in one of the following areas of concentration: Human Language for Language Technologies Language Technology Application Machine
semesters of academic study and one summer internship (21 months total).

MIIS -16 students enrolled for part -time study are expected to complete the program in six

semesters of academic stu dy and  one summer internship (27  months  total ).

MIIS -21 students enrolled for part -time study are expected to complete the program in seven

semesters of academic study and one summer internship (31 months total).

See also the ‘Statute of Limitations’ policy.

6.1.3 Deferral


Answer: 