Question: What is the name of the proposed approach for fairness domain adaptation in semantic scene segmentation?

Context: In this work, we proposed a multi-modal regularisa- tion scheme for self-training approaches in unsupervised domain adaptation for semantic segmentation. We de- rive an objectness constraint from multi-modal clustering that is then used to formulate a contrastive objective for regularisation. We show that this regularisation consis- tently improves upon different types of self-training meth- ods and even achieves state-of-the-art performance in popu- lar benchmarks. In the future, we plan to
[53] Qin Wang, Dengxin Dai, Lukas Hoyer, Olga Fink, and Luc Van Gool. Domain adaptive semantic segmentation with self-supervised depth estimation. In ICCV, 2021. 2, 3 [54] Zhonghao Wang, Mo Yu, Yunchao Wei, Rog´erio Schmidt Feris, Jinjun Xiong, Wen mei W. Hwu, Thomas S. Huang, and Humphrey Shi. Differential treatment for stuff and things: A simple unsupervised domain adaptation method for semantic segmentation. CVPR, 2020. 2

[55] Yifan Wu, Ezra Winston, Divyansh Kaushik,
[63] Hengshuang Zhao, Jianping Shi, Xiaojuan Qi, Xiaogang Wang, and Jiaya Jia. Pyramid scene parsing network. In CVPR, 2017. 7

[64] Yang Zou, Zhiding Yu, BVK Kumar, and Jinsong Wang. Unsupervised domain adaptation for semantic segmentation via class-balanced self-training. In Proceedings of the Eu- ropean conference on computer vision (ECCV), pages 289– 305, 2018. 2, 3, 4, 12

11
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Maarten Sap Email: msap2@andrew.cmu.edu Research Areas: Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Computational Social Science, Discourse and Pragmatics, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue

Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Michael Shamos Email: shamos@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6707 Gates & Hillman Centers Phone: 412-268-8193
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Fernando Diaz Email: diazf@cmu.edu Research Areas: Information Retrieval: Recommender Systems, Retrieval and Ranking Models, Natural Language Processing: Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Creativity, Evaluation Phone: 412-268-4229
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:


Answer: 