Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper Using counterfactual contrast to improve compositional generalization for multi-step quantitative reasonin, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Multimodal Interaction Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, R. Salakhutdinov, P. Liang, Yun Cheng Summary: A comparative study of how humans annotate two categorizations of multimodal interactions is performed and a method to automatically convert annotations of partial and counterfactual labels to information decomposition is
[36] Harrie Oosterhuis and Maarten de de Rijke. 2021. Robust Generalization and Safe Query-Specializationin Counterfactual Learning to Rank. In Proceedings of the Web Conference 2021 (WWW ’21). Association for Computing Machinery, New York, NY, USA, 158–170. https://doi.org/10.1145/3442381.3450018
[64] Rishabh Mehrotra, James McInerney, Hugues Bouchard, Mounia Lalmas, and Fernando Diaz. 2018. Towards a Fair Mar- ketplace: Counterfactual Evaluation of the trade-off between Relevance, Fairness and Satisfaction in Recommendation Systems. In Proceedings of the 27th ACM conference on Information and knowledge management.

[65] Silvia Milano, Mariarosaria Taddeo, and Luciano Floridi. 2021. Ethical aspects of multi-stakeholder recommendation
on and off- campus. Through GSA’s continued funding for professional development and

research conferences, the GSA/Provost Conference Funding Program and GSA/Provost GuSH Research Grants are able to run, as managed by the Graduate Education Offi ce. As we move

forward, GSA will continue to rely on your feedback to improve the graduate student experience at CMU. Feel free to contact us at gsa@cmu.edu

to get involved, stop by our o ffice
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.


Answer: 