Question: Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions"?

Context: Paper title: 'Reducing Barriers to Self-Supervised Learning: HuBERT Pre-training with Academic Compute' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Interspeech Authors: Yifan Peng, Xuankai Chang, William Chen, Shinji Watanabe, Zhaoheng Ni, Soumi Maiti Summary: This work optimizing HuBERT SSL to fit in academic constraints, and reproducibility, and explores a semi-supervised route, using an ASR model to skip the first pre-training iteration.
Paper title: 'Exploration of Efficient End-to-End ASR using Discretized Input from Self-Supervised Learning' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Interspeech Authors: Xuankai Chang, Yuya Fujita, Takashi Maekaku, Shinji Watanabe, Brian Yan Summary: This paper proposes a new protocol that utilizes discretized token sequences in ASR tasks, which includes de-duplication and sub-word modeling to enhance the input sequence and reduces computational cost by decreasing the length of
3 2 0 2

n u J

1 1

] L C . s c [

1 v 2 7 6 6 0 . 6 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Reducing Barriers to Self-Supervised Learning: HuBERT Pre-training with Academic Compute

William Chen1, Xuankai Chang1, Yifan Peng2, Zhaoheng Ni3, Soumi Maiti1, Shinji Watanabe1

1Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University, USA 2Electrical and Computer Engineering, Carnegie Mellon University, USA 3Meta, USA {wc4, xuankaic}@andrew.cmu.edu

Abstract
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 21

3.8 Academic Integrity

In the midst of self- exploration, the high demands of a challenging academic environment can

create situations where some students have difficulty exercising good judgment. Academic

challenges can provide many opportunities for high standards to evolv e if students actively reflect

on these challenges and if the community supports discussions to aid in this process. It is the
Many Ph.D. advisors also provide access to computer clusters, cloud computing, or other resources to support computationally -intense research.

Ph.D. students are given access to the LTI’s computer cluster on an as- needed basis, to be used for

course assignments, directed study projects, and/or capstone projects. The LTI cluster provides

storage and computation for projects involving large datasets and/or lengthy computation.


Answer: 