Question: Which Carnegie Tech School before 1973 was a college for women?

Context: 3 2 0 2

y a M 7 1

] L C . s c [

2 v 9 6 9 7 0 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

GPT-Sentinel: Distinguishing Human and ChatGPT Generated Content

Yutian Chen† School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213 yutianch@andrew.cmu.edu

Hao Kang† School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213 haok@andrew.cmu.edu

Vivian Zhai† College of Engineering Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213 yiyanz@andrew.cmu.edu
Noah A. Smith♢♠ Hannaneh Hajishirzi♢♠ ♠Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence ♢Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington ♡Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University ♣Institute for Language, Cognition and Computation, University of Edinburgh {haop,jessed,matthewp,kylel,sams,darrellp,beltagy,petew}@allenai.org {qicao,nasmith,hannaneh}@cs.washington.edu {jaredfern,strubell}@cmu.edu, tom.sherborne@ed.ac.uk

Abstract
3 2 0 2

y a M 6 2

] L C . s c [

1 v 4 7 1 7 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

1

From Dogwhistles to Bullhorns: Unveiling Coded Rhetoric with Language Models

Julia Mendelsohn♢ ∗

Ronan Le Bras♣

Yejin Choi♠♣

Maarten Sap♡♣

♢University of Michigan School of Information

♣Allen Institute for AI

♠Paul G. Allen School of Computer Science & Engineering, University of Washington ♡Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University

# juliame@umich.edu

(cid:128) dogwhistles.allen.ai

Abstract
With the end of World War II, the latter half of the 20th century brought unprecedented growth to Carnegie Tech. In 1956, the arrival of the first IBM computer to campus was revolutionary, initiating a university culture where information technology pervaded virtually all areas of study. University culture also changed in 1973 when Margaret Morrison closed and women joined their male peers in classrooms and dorms. The times were changing, and Tech positioned itself at the forefront, opening
their careers, lives and communities. "My heart is in the work," he stated, which would become part of the school's official motto. The Carnegie Technical Schools offered two- and three-year certificates in the arts as well as in engineering disciplines and included a college for women, Margaret Morrison Carnegie College.
SCIENCE’S FIRST-

YEAR STUDENTS

WERE WOMEN

IN 2019

Nearly triple the

national average“ My Heart is in the Work. ”

Andrew Carnegie, Founder

November 15, 1900

49.8 %

87%  U.S. 13%  InternationalSCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

College of Engineering

College of Fine Arts

Dietrich College of Humanities

and Social Sciences

Heinz College of Information Systems

and Public Policy

Mellon College of Science

School of Computer Science

Tepper School of Business


Answer: 