Question: What loss functions are proposed in the Fairness Continual Learning approach?

Context: Furthermore, through the optimization of the loss function, we observe a further 3.7% increase in detection accuracy while maintaining consistent detection speed. This underlines the success of the proposed loss function in prioritizing high-score prediction bounding boxes and diminishing the inﬂuence of redundant bounding boxes during subsequent screening.

7 Application prospect
2019) to prevent the model from becoming overly conﬁ- dent. In this work, we propose a loss function with soft labeling that connects contrastive learning and entropy regularization (Grandvalet and Bengio, 2004).
where λ (respectively, θ) are the parameters of meta (base) learners, Dmeta (Dbase) are meta (base) datasets, and Lmeta (Lbase) are meta (base) loss functions. An important implication of the above formulation is that meta learning changes the task of finding the optimal inductive biases from designing heuristics to designing meta optimization problems. As an example, consider the problem of finding the optimal inductive bias for fair classification given class-imbalanced training data. A
review sessions on course materials outside th e classroom. SI is a non-remedial approach

to learning as the program targets high-risk  courses and is available in select courses

based on data related to past stu dent performance and feasibility.

Peer Tutoring:  Weekly Tutoring Appointments are offered in a one-on-one and small

group format to students from any discipli ne who need assistance with a course that may
Carnegie Mell on University will have a transformative impact on society through continual

innovation in education, research, creativity, and entrepreneurship.

MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 10

1.8 Mission

To create a transformative educational experience for students focused on deep disciplinary

knowl edge; problem solving; leadership, communication, and interpersonal skills; and personal

health and well -being.
Carnegie Mellon University will have a transfor mative impact on society through continual

innovation in education, research, creativity, and entrepreneurship.

Our mission is to create a transformative educatio nal experience for students focused on deep

disciplinary knowledge; problem solving; teamwork, leadership, communication, and

interpersonal skills; and pers onal health and well-being.

The university community is committed to (a) at tracting and retaining diverse, world-class


Answer: 