Question: What are the three main reasons why kNN-LM performs better than standard LMs?

Context: one. Empirically, we identify three main reasons why kNN-LM performs better than standard LMs: using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN distribution. Further, we incorporate these insights into the model architecture or the training procedure of the standard parametric LM, improving its results without the need for an explicit retrieval component. The code is available at
Paper title: 'Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Machine Learning Authors: Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Frank F. Xu Summary: This paper identifies three main reasons why k-nearest neighbor language models (kNN-LM) perform better than standard LMs: using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN
next-word prediction. In this paper, we set out to understand why retrieval-augmented language models, and speciﬁcally why k-nearest neighbor language models (kNN-LMs) perform better than standard parametric LMs, even when the k-nearest neighbor component retrieves examples from the same training set that the LM was originally trained on. To this end, we perform a careful analysis of the various dimensions over which kNN-LM diverges from standard LMs, and investigate these dimensions one by
3.1.3 Extended or Longer -than -Standard Completion (Statute of Limitations)

Longer -than -standard degree completion may occur due to academic interruptions in making

progress toward the degree as defined by the academic  program, interruptions of full -time

study or progress towards the degree due to  serious, documented medical iss ues, or other

unusual or unforeseen  circumstances.

Master’s students who require longer than the standard time to complete their  degree
Extended or Longer-than-Standard Completion Longer-than-standard degree completion may occur due to academic interruptions in making progress toward the degree as defined by the academic program, interruptions of full-time study or progress towards the degree due to serious, documented medical issues, or other unusual or unforeseen circumstances. Master’s students who require longer than the standard time to complete their degree requirements are expected to remain in close contact with their
standard course, because they provide a good introduction to the broad range of research done at

the LTI. Students do not register for the LTI Orientation, nor do they receive a grade; however, the department is serious about its expectation that new students will attend these talks.

For many years, these talks were called "the Immigration Course (IC)." The intuition behind this

name is that the talks help orient newly -arrived students – immigrants into the CMU


Answer: 