Question: What is the BigCode project about?

Context: The BigCode project is an open-scientiﬁc collaboration working on the responsi- ble development of large language models for code.1 This tech report describes the progress of the collaboration until December 2022, outlining the current state of the Personally Identiﬁable Information (PII) redaction pipeline, the experi- ments conducted to de-risk the model architecture, and the experiments investi- gating better preprocessing methods for the training data. We train 1.1B param- eter models on
BigCode2 is an open scientiﬁc collaboration working on the responsible development of large lan- guage models for code, empowering the machine learning and open-source communities through open governance. BigCode was inspired by the BigScience project, an open-scientiﬁc collaboration which culminated in July 2022 with the release of a large multi-lingual language model (Scao et al., 2022). As in BigScience, various BigCode working groups focus on relevant subtopics such as collecting datasets,
We described the progress of the BigCode project until December 2022. The community took its ﬁrst steps towards redacting PII and demonstrated that regular expressions are reasonably effective at detecting emails and IP addresses. Future work should focus on increasing the precision and recall of secret keys, as well as detecting other sensitive information such as names, usernames, and pass- word. Using the PII-redacted version of The Stack, we conducted a series of architectural and data
Semester One: - Artificial Intelligence and Future Markets - Law of Computer Technology - Coding Bootcamp - Machine Learning

Semester Two - AI Engineering - Machine Learning with Large Datasets - Cloud Computing* - Software Engineering for Startups*

Semester Three

AI Innovation

Natural Language Processing

Applied Machine Learning

Web Application Development*

Semester Four

Deep Learning

Capstone Project(36 units)
Year 1 Fall: - Data Science Seminar - Machine Learning - Machine Learning for Text Mining - Advanced Machine Learning - Design and Engineering of Intelligent Information Systems - Big Data Analytics

Year 1 Spring: - Data Science Seminar - Capstone Planning Seminar - Machine Learning with Big Data Sets - Cloud Computing - Information Systems Project - Search Engines - Multimedia Databases and Data Mining - Large Scale Multimedia Analysis

Year 1 Summer:

Summer Internship

Year 2:
a. The capstone project (36 units) is a large, group- oriented demonstration of

student skill in one or more areas covered by the degree. Typically,  the result of

the capstone project is a major software application. The capstone project is

supervised by a member of the faculty who meets with students on a weekly

basis to monitor progress and provide guidance. MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 17

b. The capstone planning seminar (6 units) organizes students into groups; defines


Answer: 