Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code, got published?

Context: Paper title: 'CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Sumit Agarwal, Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Shuyan Zhou Summary: It is found that generated code that receives a higher score by CodeBERTScore is more likely to be preferred by humans, as well as to function correctly when executed, than all existing metrics.
Shuyan Zhou, Uri Alon, Sumit Agarwal, and Graham Neubig. Codebertscore: Evaluating code generation

with pretrained models of code. 2023b. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.05527.

14

Preprint. Under review.

A APPENDIX

A.1 ADDITIONAL ANALYSIS OF OPTIMIZATIONS
In this paper, we present CodeBERTScore, a sim- ple evaluation metric for code generation, which builds on BERTScore (Zhang et al., 2020), using pretrained language models of code, and lever- aging the natural language context of the gen- erated code. We perform an extensive evalua- tion across four programming languages which shows that CodeBERTScore is more correlated with human preference than all prior metrics. Fur- ther, we show that generated code that receives a higher score by
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
equivalent (an oral presentation that at least t wo SCS faculty certify as being of

conference- talk quality).

Programming:  This is satisfied by demonstrating competence in computer programming

of language technology; this is normally satisfied in the course of the student's research

and/or project work.

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

Teaching:  This is satisfied by two (2) successful Teaching Assistantships ( TA-ships), as


Answer: 