Question: Which LTI professors wrote "BASS: Block-wise Adaptation for Speech Summarization"?

Context: Keqi Deng, Shinji Watanabe, Jiatong Shi, and Siddhant Arora. 2022. Blockwise Streaming Transformer for Spoken Language Understanding and Simultaneous Speech Translation. In Proc. Interspeech 2022, pages 1746–1750.
3 2 0 2

p e S 0 2

] L C . s c [

1 v 9 7 3 1 1 . 9 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff

Peter Pol´ak1, Brian Yan2, Shinji Watanabe2, Alex Waibel2, Ondˇrej Bojar1

1Charles University, Czechia 2Carnegie Mellon University, USA polak@ufal.mff.cuni.cz

Abstract
Rajkumar Ramamurthy, Prithviraj Ammanabrolu, Kiant´e Brantley, Jack Hessel, Rafet Sifa, Christian Bauckhage, Hannaneh Hajishirzi, and Yejin Choi. Is reinforcement learning (not) for natural language processing: Benchmarks, baselines, and building blocks for natural language policy optimization. In The Eleventh International Conference on Learning Representations, 2023. URL https://openreview.net/forum?id=8aHzds2uUyB.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 