Question: What is the minimum GPA for the MSAII program?

Context: Inception, Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial (MBZUAI), and Cerebras Systems. Arabic (MSA) and English Instruction-tuned model – 13B parameters. Text-only data. Model generates text. GPT-3 with dense attention, 40 decoder blocks, 40 attention heads, 5,120 hid- den size, SwiGLU activation, and ALiBi positional embeddings. Jais-chat was trained between 11 August 2023 and 13 August 2023. This static model has been trained using an offline dataset. As we enhance the model safety based on
Inception, Mohamed bin Zayed University of Artificial (MBZUAI), and Cerebras Systems. Arabic (MSA) and English Pretrained model – 13B parameters. Text-only data. Model generates text. GPT-3 with dense attention, 40 decoder blocks, 40 attention heads, 5,120 hid- den size, SwiGLU activation and ALiBi positional embeddings. Jais was trained between 23 June 2023 and 18 July 2023 This static model has been trained using an offline dataset. As we enhance the model safety based on community feedback,
Course number: 11696

Title: MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

Units: 6.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Brown

Spring 2024

Course number: 11699

Title: MSAII Program Capstone

Units: 36.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Shamos

Spring 2024

Course number: 11700

Title: LTI Colloquium

Units: 6.0

Section: A,P

Days: TBA,F

Start: ,02:00PM

End: ,03:20PM
established by the MSAII program, the stud ent may be dismissed from the program.

After each academic progress revi ew, a student may receive one or  more letters, indicating the

result of the review. See Section 3.1, Co urse Grade and GPA Requirements, above.

At the end of the semester, the faculty evaluate s each student's academic progress. If a student

seems to be having trouble, th e faculty determines whether it believes that the student can
below the acceptable academic performance and/or fail to meet the sta ndards established by the

MSAII program and Carnegie Mellon Universit y, the student may be dismissed from the

program.

Should a student’s overall QPA drop below 3.0 d uring any given semester, he/she will be placed

on academic probation for the following semester and will be required to improve his/her grades

to no less than overall 3.0 QPA d uring that period. Failure to im prove to an overall 3.0 QPA or
notice of this finding, including a list of meas ures that need to be tak en to be removed from 13

academic probation. A student on academic pr obation for two consecutive semesters may be

dropped from the program.

The MSAII program conducts an academic progress re view at the conclusion of each semester in

order to monitor individual student progress towa rd graduation. Should a student’s effort fall


Answer: 