Question: What professor was the last author on "Deriving Vocal Fold Oscillation Information from Recorded Voice Signals Using Models of Phonation"?

Context: Paper title: 'Deriving Vocal Fold Oscillation Information from Recorded Voice Signals Using Models of Phonation' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Entropy Authors: Wayne Zhao, Rita Singh Summary: A novel analysis-by-synthesis approach that allows us to infer the VFOs directly from recorded speech signals on an individualized, speaker- by-speaker basis is proposed and it is shown how the V FOs can be quantified from a dynamical systems perspective for classification purposes.
Paper title: 'A Gene-Based Algorithm for Identifying Factors That May Affect a Speaker’s Voice' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Entropy Authors: Rita Singh Summary: A simple path-finding algorithm that attempts to find links between vocal characteristics and perturbing factors using cytogenetic and genomic data and shows that in cases where strong links are exposed, vocal characteristics of the patients are indeed reported to be correspondingly affected.
[15] R. H. C. Bull, H. Rathborn, and B. R. Clifford, “The voice- recognition accuracy of blind listeners,” Perception, vol. 12, pp. 223 – 226, 1983.

[16] M. Ravanelli and Y. Bengio, “Speaker recognition from raw wave- form with sincnet,” 2018 IEEE Spoken Language Technology Workshop (SLT), pp. 1021–1028, 2018.
4. Speech recognition, 1976 If you have an iPhone, ask Siri to look up “Hearsay I,” the first computer system capable of continuous speech recognition. It was developed by future Turing Award winner and future SCS dean Raj Reddy along with his students. Their work on subsequent systems established many of the principles that still underlie speech recognition software.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
Awards® , co-creating the first,

national recognition program

honoring K-12 theatre educators The first smile in an email , created

in 1982 by professor Scott Fahlman

Kevlar Fiber , invented by alumna

Stephanie Kwolek (MM 1946)

The Last Lecture , written

by alumni Randy Pausch (SCS 1988)

and Jeffrey Zaslow (DC 1980)

In 1919, CMU’s first Ph.D.  was

awarded to Mao Yisheng, father

of Chinese bridge construction.

Duolingo , invented by professor

Luis von Ahn (CS 2003, 2005), had


Answer: 