Question: Which two NLP tasks were applied with the NLPositionality framework in the study?

Context: results generalize to the entire group; further, it may risk tokenizing already marginalized communities. As part of our study, we apply NLPositionality to only two tasks which have relatively straightfor- ward annotation schemes. It may be difficult to generalize to other NLP tasks which have harder annotation schemes, especially ones that require a lot of explanation to the annotators, for example, natural language inference (NLI) tasks.
In this paper, we characterized design biases and the positionality of datasets and models in NLP. We introduced the NLPositionality framework for identifying design biases in NLP datasets and models. NLPositionality consists of a two-step process of collecting annotations from diverse an- notators for a specific task and then computing the alignment of the annotations to dataset labels and model predictions using Pearson’s r. We applied NLPositionality to two tasks: social acceptability and
We apply NLPositionality to two case studies of NLP tasks—social acceptability and hate speech detection—which are known to exhibit design bi- ases (Talat et al., 2022; Sap et al., 2022; Ghosh et al., 2021). We examine datasets and supervised models related to these tasks as well as general- purpose large language models (i.e., GPT-4). As of May 25 2023, a total of 16, 299 annotations were collected from 1, 096 annotators from 87 countries, with an average of 38 annotations per day. We dis-
11-727: Computational Semantics for NLP ( only if the course project was done as a

group project)

11-731: Machine Translation

11-747: Neural Networks for NLP

11-751:  Speech Recognition

11-775:  Large -Scale Multimedia

11-776: Multimodal Affective Computing

11-777: Multimodal Machine Learning

11-785:  Deep Learning

11-797: Question Answering

Students may request to have other  LTI course s with a group engineering project component to

be added to this list.
Fall 2: - Machine Learning for Text Mining - MIIS Capstone Project

Example Course of Study #2 This schedule would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in voice-based computer applications.

Fall 1:

Machine Learning

Algorithms for NLP

Speech Recognition and Understanding

Directed Study

Spring: - Applied Machine Learning - Competitive Engineering - Design and Implementation of Speech Recognition Systems - Directed Study - MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

Summer:

Internship
Question Answering

Intro to Deep Learning

MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

MIIS Directed Study

Summer:

Internship

Fall 2:

MIIS Capstone Project

Machine Translation

Spring 2:

Comp Semantics for NLP

Neural Networks for NLP

Elective

Example Course of Study #3 This example would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in deepening their expertise in Human Language area of concentration

Fall 1:

Natural Language Processing

Algorithms for NLP

Intro to ML (MLD)


Answer: 