Question: Who is the first author on "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models"?

Context: Paper title: 'Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: USENIX Security Symposium Authors: Daphne Ippolito, Florian Tramèr, B. Balle, Milad Nasr, Matthew Jagielski, Eric Wallace, Nicholas Carlini, Vikash Sehwag, Jamie Hayes Summary: The results show that diffusion models are much less private than prior generative models such as GANs, and that mitigating these vulnerabilities may require new advances in privacy-preserving training.
Nicholas, Jamie, Vikash, and Eric each indepen- dently proposed the problem statement of extracting training data from diffusion models.

Nicholas, Eric, and Florian performed preliminary experiments to identify cases of data extraction in diffusion models.

Milad performed most of the experiments on Stable Diffusion and Imagen, and Nicholas counted dupli- cates in the LAION training dataset; each wrote the corresponding sections of the paper.
3 2 0 2

n a J

0 3

]

R C . s c [

1 v 8 8 1 3 1 . 1 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models

Nicholas Carlini∗1

Jamie Hayes∗2 Milad Nasr∗1

Matthew Jagielski+1

Vikash Sehwag+4

Florian Tram`er+3

Borja Balle†2 Daphne Ippolito†1

Eric Wallace†5

1Google 5UC Berkeley ∗Equal contribution +Equal contribution †Equal contribution

2DeepMind

3ETHZ

4Princeton

Abstract
First freshman-level computer science course In 1956 and 1957, Simon, Allen Newell (IA’57) and Cliff Shaw of RAND designed the Logic Theorist, a computer program that could develop proofs for theorems in much the same way a human would work. They also developed linked-list data structures, the foundation of computer programming. Perlis, Simon and Newell are credited with defining the term “computer science” as “the theory and design of computers,” as well as (in Newell’s words) “the study of
12. Java, 1991 As a CMU grad student, James Gosling (CS’83) worked on the Andrew project, which stressed interoperability between computers, whether they were Macs, IBMs or Unix machines. Those lessons served Gosling well when he developed Java, the first programming language able to run on almost any platform.
Awards® , co-creating the first,

national recognition program

honoring K-12 theatre educators The first smile in an email , created

in 1982 by professor Scott Fahlman

Kevlar Fiber , invented by alumna

Stephanie Kwolek (MM 1946)

The Last Lecture , written

by alumni Randy Pausch (SCS 1988)

and Jeffrey Zaslow (DC 1980)

In 1919, CMU’s first Ph.D.  was

awarded to Mao Yisheng, father

of Chinese bridge construction.

Duolingo , invented by professor

Luis von Ahn (CS 2003, 2005), had


Answer: 