Question: Which model performed the best in "Syntax and Semantics Meet in the “Middle”: Probing the Syntax-Semantics Interface of LMs Through Agentivity"?

Context: 3 2 0 2

l u J

0 1

] L C . s c [

2 v 5 8 1 8 1 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Syntax and Semantics Meet in the “Middle”: Probing the Syntax-Semantics Interface of LMs Through Agentivity

Lindia Tjuatja, Emmy Liu, Lori Levin, Graham Neubig Language Technologies Institute Carnegie Mellon University {ltjuatja, mengyan3, lsl, gneubig}@cs.cmu.edu

1

Abstract
In order to gain insight into the behavior of LMs with respect to the syntax-semantics interface, we created a suite of prompting experiments focus- ing on agentivity. We prompt varying sizes of BLOOM, GPT-2, and GPT-3 to see if they are sen- sitive to aspects of agentivity at the lexical level, and then to see if they can either utilize or discard these word-level priors given the appropriate syn- tactic context. GPT-3 davinci-003 performs exceptionally well in all three of our experiments—
Recent advances in large language models have prompted researchers to examine their abilities across a variety of linguistic tasks, but little has been done to investigate how models han- dle the interactions in meaning across words and larger syntactic forms—i.e. phenomena at the intersection of syntax and semantics. We present the semantic notion of agentivity as a case study for probing such interactions. We created a novel evaluation dataset by utilitiz- ing the unique linguistic properties
11-727: Computational Semantics for NLP ( only if the course project was done as a

group project)

11-731: Machine Translation

11-747: Neural Networks for NLP

11-751:  Speech Recognition

11-775:  Large -Scale Multimedia

11-776: Multimodal Affective Computing

11-777: Multimodal Machine Learning

11-785:  Deep Learning

11-797: Question Answering

Students may request to have other  LTI course s with a group engineering project component to

be added to this list.
Question Answering

Intro to Deep Learning

MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

MIIS Directed Study

Summer:

Internship

Fall 2:

MIIS Capstone Project

Machine Translation

Spring 2:

Comp Semantics for NLP

Neural Networks for NLP

Elective

Example Course of Study #3 This example would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in deepening their expertise in Human Language area of concentration

Fall 1:

Natural Language Processing

Algorithms for NLP

Intro to ML (MLD)
15. Model checking, 1994 CMU professor Edmund Clarke had long stressed the importance of verifying computer hardware and software through a formal problem-solving technique called “model checking.” In 1994, his arguments gained new weight with the discovery that Intel’s amazing new Pentium chip made errors on certain math problems. Clarke would go on to receive the Turing Award for his role in the development of model checking.


Answer: 