Question: Who generates ValuePrism's contextualized values?

Context: To examine how context can be leveraged for explaining offensiveness, we train CHARM, a Context-aware Harm Reasoning Model, using COBRACORPUS. Through context-aware and context-agnostic model ablations, we show per- formance improvements with the use of context when generating COBRA explanations, as mea- sured by automatic and human evaluations. Surpris- ingly, on the challenging counterfactual contexts (COBRACORPUS-CF), CHARM surpasses the per- formance of GPT-3.5—which provided CHARM’s
Shapley values (Hart, 1989), originating from co- operative game theory, have emerged as a powerful model-agnostic tool to explain the predictions of machine learning models. This approach provides a way to fairly distribute the contribution of each feature to the overall prediction for a specific in- stance. By calculating the Shapley value for each feature, we gain insight into the importance of in- dividual features within the context of a specific prediction. This interpretability technique
4 COBRACORPUS-CF: Generating

Counterfactual Contexts

To examine the limits of context-aware ex- planations generate COBRACORPUS-CF, a challenge set of counterfac- tual context pairs that invert the offensiveness of statements, inspired by adversarial and counterfac- tual test sets in NLP (Gardner et al., 2020; Li et al., 2020; Chang et al., 2021). Illustrated in Figure 1, our motivating question asks, how does the toxicity of a statement change with a different context?

of
create and disseminate knowledge and art through research and artistic expression, teaching

and learning and transfer to society, to serve students by teaching them leadership and

problem -solving skills, and the values of quality, ethical behavior, responsibility to society and

commitments to work, to pursue the advantages provided by a diverse community, open to the

exchange of ideas, where discovery and artistic creativity can flourish.
centered) and contrast design alternatives, within the context of specific data science application domains.

Survey, interpret and comparatively criticize state of the art research talks and papers, with emphasis on constructive improvements.

Organize, execute, report on, and present a real world data science project in collaboration with other researchers/programmers.

Depending on the concentration, additional learning outcomes are emphasized:
Design and execute experimental data collection and present resulting analyses using appropriate user experience (UX) techniques including interactive data visualizations.

Apply and customize analytics, systems and human

centered data science techniques to application

specific data science requirements and objectives.

Identify tradeoffs among data science techniques (analytics, systems and/or human


Answer: 