Question: Which LTI faculty member is an author on "Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF"?

Context: Paper title: 'Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Liangyan Gui, Yu-Xiong Wang, Chuang Gan, Zhiqing Sun, Yikang Shen, Chunyuan Li, Sheng Shen, K. Keutzer, Yiming Yang, Shengcao Cao, Trevor Darrell, Haotian Liu Summary: A new alignment algorithm called Factually Augmented RLHF is proposed that augments the reward model with additional factual information such as image captions and ground-truth
3 2 0 2

p e S 5 2

]

V C . s c [

1 v 5 2 5 4 1 . 9 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Preprint

ALIGNING LARGE MULTIMODAL MODELS WITH FACTUALLY AUGMENTED RLHF

Zhiqing Sun∗♠, Sheng Shen∗♣, Shengcao Cao∗ ♢ Haotian Liu♡, Chunyuan Li♮, Yikang Shen△, Chuang Gan†∇△, Liang-Yan Gui†♢ Yu-Xiong Wang†♢, Yiming Yang†♠, Kurt Keutzer†♣, Trevor Darrell†♣ ♣UC Berkeley, ♠CMU, ♢UIUC, ♡UW–Madison, ∇UMass Amherst ♮Microsoft Research, △MIT-IBM Watson AI Lab

ABSTRACT
Nisan Stiennon, Long Ouyang, Jeffrey Wu, Daniel Ziegler, Ryan Lowe, Chelsea Voss, Alec Radford, Dario Amodei, and Paul F Christiano. Learning to summarize with human feedback. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 33:3008–3021, 2020.

Zhiqing Sun, Sheng Shen, Shengcao Cao, Haotian Liu, Chunyuan Li, Yikang Shen, Chuang Gan, Liang-Yan Gui, Yu-Xiong Wang, Yiming Yang, et al. Aligning large multimodal models with factually augmented rlhf. arXiv preprint arXiv:2309.14525, 2023a.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
projects.) Even self -supporting MLT students are expected to perform research with a faculty

advisor, since research experience is an important part of our graduate programs. Until a student finds a specific advisor, the chair of the LTI graduate prog rams serves as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is

possible to change advisors. To do so, the student should find another faculty member willing
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Alexander Rudnicky Email: alex.rudnicky@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6511 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing Phone: 412-268-2622


Answer: 