Question: In the TAPLoss paper, what does TAP stand for?

Context: (e.g., material), all chosen randomly. Further variety was introduced by selecting synonyms for words within the description from a curated set of synonyms corresponding to the dataset’s labels. We generated 100 unique text descriptions using this random selection process for each combination of object and behavior. For instance, an example text description might read: “Performing tap action on a ball with properties: round, yellow, small, soft, toy”. Data Pre-processing. To ensure
Figure 3: Demonstration of our calibration framework with three calibration methods. Sr and S r denotes scores of the response r in the first and second positions, respectively. BPDE is short for Balanced Position Diversity Entropy score, which is calculated based on the evaluation results (ER) of MEC and BPC.

gap ≥ 3), GPT-4’s evaluation results are relatively stable.
that provides a valid argument so that a specified set of claims regarding a product’s properties are adequately justified for a given application in a given environment. It can be graphically depicted as a finite tree whose root node represents the main claim about a system under consideration, and the leaf nodes stand for evidences. The other nodes are composed of sub-claims and auxiliary components. These sub-claims provide compelling, comprehensible, and valid cases [58]. Assurance cases
services, stops, routes, tracking and schedules.

A.4 The WORD

https://www.cmu.edu/student- affairs/theword/

The WORD is Carnegie Mellon University’s online student handbook and serves as the

foundation for the department (and so metimes college) handbook. The WORD contains

university -wide academic policy information and resources, community policies and resources,

and describes the university level procedures used to review possible violations of these
Student Information Online (SIO) is a secure site where students can find important,

personalized information, including E -Bills and student account information, financial aid

status and eligibility, grades and QPA, and course schedules. Students can updat e their and

their spouse's or domestic partner's contact information, sign up for E -Check & E -Refund,
the "TOEFL ITP Plus for China," since speaking is not scored. We do not issue waivers for non-native speakers of English. In particular, we do not issue waivers based on previous study at a U.S. high school, college, or university. We also do not issue waivers based on previous study at an English-language high school, college, or university outside of the United States. No amount of educational experience in English, regardless of which country it occurred in, will result in a test waiver.


Answer: 