Question: Where should robots ideally exist according to the OUTDOOR paper?

Context: Abstract— Robots should exist anywhere humans do: in- doors, outdoors, and even unmapped environments. In contrast, the focus of recent advancements in Object Goal Navigation (OGN)[1]–[3] has targeted navigating in indoor environments by leveraging spatial and semantic cues that do not generalize outdoors. While these contributions provide valuable insights into indoor scenarios, the broader spectrum of real-world robotic applications often extends to outdoor settings. As we transition to the
Localization is pivotal for any autonomous robot, whether it operates in controlled environments such as factory floors or human-centric environments such as pedestrian zones and sidewalks. It is particularly important for the latter case, where the safety of other road users is of utmost importance. While Global Navigation Satellite Systems (GNSSs) are widely used for outdoor localization, their accuracy and reliability strongly deteriorate in urban canyons. Therefore, localization systems
operations or advanced domestic robotics tasks in semantically rich environments such as airports or campus buildings. In genuine outdoor settings, spatial semantics may be ambiguous or lack well-defined bound- aries. Consequently, an intelligent agent must be capable of strategically predict information in space to effectively navigate and reason within these more complex contexts.
7. Autonomous robots, 1983 Thanks to Red Whittaker (E'75,'79), robots moved off of the assembly lines and into places no human ever could go. His Robotic Reconnaissance Vehicle spent four years inspecting and cleaning up the contaminated reactor building at the crippled Three Mile Island nuclear plant.
nearly 1,700, including undergraduate, master’s and Ph.D. students, and conducted $124 million in research. Indeed, by itself, the Robotics Institute is the largest university robotics research group in the world, with more than 500 people and more than 100 ongoing research projects. A half-century ago, Perlis, Simon and Newell outlined a vision for computer science. The School of Computer Science at CMU remains committed to continuing and extending their vision in the context of big data and
Launching a Robotics Institute In 1979, an executive at Pittsburgh’s Westinghouse Electric Corp., Tom Murrin, collaborated with Jordan and Reddy to create the Robotics Institute, with Reddy as its first director. By 1982, the Computer Science Department included more than 30 faculty members and 100 graduate students.


Answer: 