Question: Which LTI faculty are involved in the framework tax paper?

Context: Paper title: 'The Framework Tax: Disparities Between Inference Efficiency in Research and Deployment' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Emma Strubell, Yonatan Bisk, Jacob Kahn, Clara Na, Jared Fernandez Summary: This work examines the effects of model design decisions, framework paradigms, and hardware platforms on total model latency through a series of case studies analyzing the effects of model design
3 2 0 2

c e D 2 2

]

G L . s c [

2 v 7 1 1 6 0 . 2 0 3 2 : v i X r a

The Framework Tax: Disparities Between Inference Efficiency in NLP Research and Deployment

Jared Fernandez1

Jacob Kahn3 Clara Na1 Yonatan Bisk1 Emma Strubell1,2

1Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University

2 Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence

3FAIR

{jaredfern, strubell}@cmu.edu, {csna, ybisk}@cs.cmu.edu, jacobkahn@fb.com

Abstract
Angela Fan, Shruti Bhosale, Holger Schwenk, Zhiyi Ma, Ahmed El-Kishky, Siddharth Goyal, Mandeep Baines, Onur Celebi, Guillaume Wenzek, Vishrav Chaudhary, Naman Goyal, Tom Birch, Vitaliy Liptchinsky, Sergey Edunov, Edouard Grave, Michael Auli, and Armand Joulin. Beyond english-centric multilingual machine translation. J. Mach. Learn. Res., 22(1), jan 2021. ISSN 1532-4435.

Jared Fernandez, Jacob Kahn, Clara Na, Yonatan Bisk, and Emma Strubell. The framework tax:
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree


Answer: 