Question: What is the full name of the metric used to evaluate the performance of the models on the Squad test set in the paper PROMPT2MODEL: Generating Deployable Models from Natural Language Instructions?

Context: In this evaluation, we investigate the effectiveness of input augmentation for zero-shot inference with- out training. We evaluate the performance of our model on two datasets, namely AG News and Ya- hoo Answers, using two evaluation metrics: per class F1 metric and ranking-based precision metric according to prediction conﬁdence. The per class F1 metric provides an insight into how well the model performs on each individual class by bal- ancing precision and recall. In the upper part of ﬁgure
To evaluate performance, we used the most widely used set of reference-based metrics for natural lan- guage generation tasks (Liu et al., 2021; Ziems et al., 2022). Since these metrics have not been used for conversational strategies, we add an un- supervised reference-free metric, the BART score (Yuan et al., 2021). The BART score formulates the evaluation process as a text generation task using a pre-trained model. The score represents the proba- bility of generating a hypothesis given a
The rest of this paper is structured as follows: We ﬁrst discuss related work in Section 2; illustrate OpenGPTText data set in Section 3; present our model and the training details in Section 4; evaluate the performance using various metrics in Section 5; interpret the basis for the model’s prediction in Section 6; point out future work in Section 7; and conclude in Section 8.

2 Related Work
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.
capstone project goals, requirements, success metrics, and deliverables; and

identifies and acquires data, software, and other resources required for successful

completion of the project. The planning seminar must be completed in the semester prior to taking the capstone project.

4.6 Registration Process/Procedures

Students are responsible for registering for their courses. Use the Stellic Degree Audit
Semester One: - Artificial Intelligence and Future Markets - Law of Computer Technology - Coding Bootcamp - Machine Learning

Semester Two - AI Engineering - Machine Learning with Large Datasets - Cloud Computing* - Software Engineering for Startups*

Semester Three

AI Innovation

Natural Language Processing

Applied Machine Learning

Web Application Development*

Semester Four

Deep Learning

Capstone Project(36 units)


Answer: 