Question: What does SenteCon do to a given passage of text?

Context: representations. Given a passage of text, SENTECON encodes the text as a layer of interpretable categories in which each dimension corresponds to the rele- vance of a specific category. Our empirical eval- uations indicate that encoding language with SENTECON provides high-level interpretability at little to no cost to predictive performance on downstream tasks. Moreover, we find that SENTECON outperforms existing interpretable language representations with respect to both its downstream
1Our code and data are publicly available at https://

github.com/torylin/sentecon/.

2We use the term “sentence” for clarity, but our approach is also applicable to longer passages of text like paragraphs and documents, as our experiments show.

Figure 1: A comparison of lexicon-based language representations and SENTECON. While lexicons encode word- level category counts, SENTECON parses whole sentences and encodes sentence-level category intensities.
and they may not perform well when used in downstream tasks. With an eye toward addressing these concerns, we present SENTECON,1 a method for introducing human interpretability in deep language represen- tations. Given a sentence,2 SENTECON encodes the text as a layer of interpretable categories in which each dimension corresponds to the relevance of a specific category (Figure 1). The output of SENTECON can itself therefore be viewed as an interpretable language representation. As language use
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
Information retrieval, machine translation and speech technology are used daily by the general public, while text mining, natural language processing and language-based tutoring are common within more specialized professional or educational environments. The LTI prepares students for this world by offering a minor that gives you the opportunity to not only learn about language technologies, but to also apply that knowledge through a directed project.
CMU Alert sends voice and/or text messages to registered phones in the event of a campus emergency that threatens public safety or during tests of the system in the spring and fall semesters. Students are automatically registered for CMU -Alert using the current contact

information that has been entered into the Student Information Online (SIO):

https://www.cmu.edu/hub/sio/about.html .

LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 40

Appendix A

2023 -2024


Answer: 