Question: Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Self-Refine: Iterative Refinement with Self-Feedback"?

Context: Paper title: 'Self-Refine: Iterative Refinement with Self-Feedback' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: A. Yazdanbakhsh, Niket Tandon, Luyu Gao, Shrimai Prabhumoye, Aman Madaan, Sarah Wiegreffe, Prakhar Gupta, Uri Alon, Nouha Dziri, Bodhisattwa Prasad Majumder, Skyler Hallinan, Yiming Yang, Shashank Gupta, S. Welleck, Peter Clark Summary: Self-Refine is introduced, an approach for improving initial outputs from LLMs through iterative feedback and refinement
Aman Madaan, Niket Tandon, Prakhar Gupta, Skyler Hallinan, Luyu Gao, Sarah Wiegreffe, Uri Alon, Nouha Dziri, Shrimai Prabhumoye, Yiming Yang, et al. Self-refine: Iterative refinement with self-feedback. arXiv preprint arXiv:2303.17651, 2023.

Subhabrata Mukherjee, Arindam Mitra, Ganesh Jawahar, Sahaj Agarwal, Hamid Palangi, and Ahmed Awadallah. Orca: Progressive learning from complex explanation traces of gpt-4. arXiv preprint arXiv:2306.02707, 2023.
Iterative self -refinement is a fundamental characteristic of human problem-solving (Simon, 1962; Flower and Hayes, 1981; Amabile, 1983). Iterative self-refinement is a process that involves creating an initial draft and subsequently refining it based on self-provided feedback. For example, when

1Code and data at https://selfrefine.info/

Preprint. Under review.

2

Use M to reﬁne its previous output, given its feedback

Model M

Input

0

Refine

1

Feedback
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree
Graduate Program Manager, LTI   Principal Systems Scientist

GHC 6415      GHC 6515

412- 268-4788      412- 268-6656

kschaich@cs.cmu.edu     ref@cs.cmu.edu

Robert Frederking     Mona Diab

Cha ir of Graduate Programs, LTI   Director, LTI

Principal Systems Scientist    GHC 5415

GHC 6515      412- 268-6656

mdiab@andrew.cmu.edu

In addition, students may confer with the Graduate Education Office (graded@andrew.cmu.edu

) regarding issues of process or other concerns as they navigate


Answer: 