Question: Which year did The Kiltie Band began?

Context: Retrievers. We adopt two widely used retriev- ers to initialize AAR: ANCE initialized from T5Base (Raffel et al., 2020; Ge et al., 2023) and Contriever (Izacard et al., 2021) initialized from BERTBase (Devlin et al., 2019). Both of them have been fine-tuned on MS MARCO (Bajaj et al., 2016) previously. For the retrieval corpus, we choose the MS MARCO (Bajaj et al., 2016) for MMLU and the KILT-Wikipedia (Petroni et al.) for PopQA.

(6)

(7)
Figure 7: Comparison between single-task (MS- MARCO QA) and multi-task (KILT) trained AAR. TART (Asai et al., 2022) is a multi-task instruction- finetuned retriever that has not been finetuned with LM- preferred signals.
Fabio Petroni, Aleksandra Piktus, Angela Fan, Patrick Lewis, Majid Yazdani, Nicola De Cao, James Thorne, Yacine Jernite, Vladimir Karpukhin, Jean Maillard, Vassilis Plachouras, Tim Rocktäschel, and Sebastian Riedel. KILT: a benchmark for knowledge intensive In Proceedings of NAACL, pages language tasks. 2523–2544.
The Kiltie Band

The Kiltie Band began in 1908 with a group of just seven students dedicated to supporting Carnegie Tech football, and today's Kiltie Band continues a tradition of excellence originated over a century ago. The Band took the field for its first official performance on November 25th, 1922, on what would have been Andrew Carnegie's 87th birthday.
The Kiltie Band is a campus organization recognized by Student Senate and administered by the Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation. Membership is open to all members of the campus/community without audition. Participants must do their best to promote the success of the ensemble through attendance, attitude, and dependability.
The Kiltie Marching Band consists of musicians and colorguard and plays at all Carnegie Mellon home football games. There is a new show every week with music ranging from traditional marches and oldies to current pop tunes and jazz standards.

After football season, the Kiltie Concert Band plays a holiday concert and two spring concerts, including a performance at Carnegie Mellon’s Spring Carnival. Additionally, a part of the band gets together and acts as a pep band for the basketball teams.


Answer: 