Question: In what year did Carnegie Tech became Carnegie Mellon University?

Context: 3 2 0 2

y a M 7

] I

A . s c [

1 v 4 5 1 4 0 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Score: A Rule Engine for the Scone Knowledge Base System

Jeffrey Chen

CMU-CS-21-116

May 2021

Computer Science Department School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Thesis Committee: Scott E. Fahlman, Carnegie Mellon University Computer Science Department and Language Technologies Institute

Alessandro Oltramari Bosch Research & Technology Center, Pittsburgh
that can answer basic queries about the stored knowl- edge [6]. Scone is implemented in Common Lisp and has been under development in Carnegie Mellon University’s (CMU’s) Language Technologies Institute since around 2003. A tutorial book on the design and usage of Scone is in the process of being written. Until it is published, more information about Scone can be found in Fahlman’s Knowledge Nuggets blog [8].
1Faculty of Engineering and Natural Sciences, Sabancı University, Istanbul, Türkiye, 2Qatar Computer Science Program/Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburgh, PA, USA, and 3Center of Excellence in Data Analytics (VERIM), Sabancı University, Istanbul, Türkiye Corresponding author: Figen Beken Fikri; Email: fbekenﬁkri@sabanciuniv.edu

(Received 15 August 2022; revised 12 September 2023; accepted 27 September 2023)
Who founded Carnegie Mellon University?

Carnegie Technical Schools was founded in 1900 by Andrew Carnegie. Twelve years later it became known as the Carnegie Institute of Technology. In 1967, the school merged with Mellon Institute and became what is known today as Carnegie Mellon University.
In 1967, Carnegie Tech merged with the Mellon Institute, a science research center founded by the Mellon family of Pittsburgh, to become known as Carnegie Mellon University. The merger built upon a long history of support from the Mellons. It allowed Carnegie Mellon to establish the last of its current pillars: the Mellon College of Science and the College of Humanities and Social Sciences, now known as Marianna Brown Dietrich College of Humanities and Social Sciences. In 2017, Carnegie Mellon
Computer Science Department established In 1965, Carnegie Tech established its Computer Science Department, or CSD, with a $5 million grant from the R.K. Mellon Foundation. Perlis was the first department head. There were no undergraduates; only Ph.D. students were admitted, and the department’s focus was on research, much of it funded by the federal government through the Defense Department’s Advanced Research Projects Agency, or DARPA. In 1967, Carnegie Institute of Technology merged with the


Answer: 