Question: What does SHAP mean in SHAP-based Prediction of Mother's History of Depression to Understand the Influence on Child Behavior?

Context: The SHAP method works by evaluating the model’s prediction for each instance while permuting the values of a specific feature. This involves shuffling the values of the chosen feature while keeping the rest of the features unchanged. The difference between the model’s prediction with the original feature values and the prediction with the

PRECISION =

TP TP + FP

RECALL =

TP TP + FN
Ran Zhao, Alexandros Papangelis, and Justine Cassell. 2014. Towards a dyadic computational model of rapport management for human-virtual agent inter- In International conference on intelligent action. virtual agents, pages 514–527. Springer.

Appendix: SHAP Value Graphs The vertical axis indicates the mean contribution of the feature over the model decision. The horizontal axis indicates how the distribution of features influences the model decision.
daily mood and a mother-adolescent datasets to predict affective state sequences where half the mothers experience symptoms of depression.
Fall 2: - Machine Learning for Text Mining - MIIS Capstone Project

Example Course of Study #2 This schedule would satisfy course requirements for a student interested in voice-based computer applications.

Fall 1:

Machine Learning

Algorithms for NLP

Speech Recognition and Understanding

Directed Study

Spring: - Applied Machine Learning - Competitive Engineering - Design and Implementation of Speech Recognition Systems - Directed Study - MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar

Summer:

Internship
The birth of a child is a significant life event that may require time away from academic pu rsuits

for delivery and recovery from delivery of a newly born child. Students whose anticipated delivery date is during the course of a semester may need to take time away from their academic responsibilities. Carnegie Mellon students seeking time away are afforded two options as possible accommodation:

Short -Term Accommodation for Gestational Parents  – A short term absence from
The birth of a child is a significant life event that may require time away from  academic pursuits

for delivery and recovery from delivery of a newly born  child. Students whose anticipated

delivery date is during the course of a semester may need to take time away from their academic responsibilities. Carnegie Mellon students seeking time away are afforded two options as

possible accommodation:

Short- Term Accommodation for Gestational Parents  – A short term absence from


Answer: 