Question: What does SPAE stand for?

Context: an image of the number of continents in the world

an image of the square root of 4

Context

an image of the last digit of 5*7

SPAE: A pizza with pepperoni and cheese on a white plate.SPAE: A man in a suit and tie standing next to a woman in a wedding dress.

Query
Baseline: A man in a suit standing in front of a white wall.SPAE L1: A man in a red jacket and black pants standing on a snowy mountain.SPAE L2: A man in a red jacket skiing down a snowy mountain.SPAE L3: A man skiing down a snowy mountain.SPAE L4: A person skiing down a snowy mountain.SPAE L5: A person skiing down a mountain.SPAE L6: A person skiing down a mountain.Baseline: A group of people are standing in a field.SPAE L1: A group of people are standing in a room.SPAE L2: A kitchen with a
Baseline: A man and a woman are sitting on a bench in a park.SPAE L1: A man is holding a baby in his arms.SPAE L2: A group of people are standing in a line.SPAE L3: A group of people in costumes at a Halloween party.SPAE L4: A group of people are dressed up in costumes for Halloween.SPAE L5: a group of people dressed in costumes at a partySPAE L6: a table with a bowl of fruit and a vase of flowers
What is a Tartan?
The Office of the Assistant Vice Provost for Graduate Education (AVPGE) offers a robust schedule of professional development opportunities. Some are geared towards a specific

population (master’s students, Ph.D.  students at the beginning of their program, graduate

students seeking tenure track positions, etc.) and others are open to all graduate students (time management, balancing, staying healthy) . A full schedule of programs can be found at:

http://www.cmu.edu/graduate/

.
The Office of the Assistant Vice Provost for Graduate Education (AVPGE) offers a robust schedule of professional development opportunities. Some are geared towards a specific population (master’s students, PhD students at the beginning of their program, graduate students seeking tenure track positions, etc.) and others are open to all graduate students (time management, balancing, staying healthy). A full schedule of programs can be found at: http://www.cmu.edu/graduate/.


Answer: 