Question: What are the names of the people from CMU who contributed to the paper RIVETER Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities?

Context: Paper title: 'Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics Authors: Melanie Walsh, Jimin Mun, Lauren F. Klein, Maarten Sap, Anjalie Field, Maria Antoniak Summary: Riveter greatly improves the accessibility of verb lexica and can facilitate a broad range of future research by organizing the language processing pipeline, providing complete lexicon scores and
Maria Antoniak, Anjalie Field, Ji Min Mun, Melanie Walsh, Lauren F. Klein, and Maarten Sap. 2023. Riv- eter: Measuring power and social dynamics between entities. In ACL demonstrations.

Katherine Atwell, Sabit Hassan, and Malihe Alikhani. 2022. Appdia: A discourse-aware transformer-based style transfer model for offensive social media con- versations. In Proceedings of the 29th International Conference on Computational Linguistics, pages 6063–6074.
[118] Xueru Zhang, Mohammadmahdi Khaliligarekani, Cem Tekin, and mingyan liu. 2019. Group Retention when Using Machine Learning in Sequential Decision Making: the Interplay between User Dynamics and Fairness. In Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems 32, H. Wallach, H. Larochelle, A. Beygelzimer, F. d'Alché-Buc, E. Fox, and R. Garnett (Eds.). Curran Associates, Inc., 15269–15278. http://papers.nips.cc/paper/9662-group-retention-when-
12. Java, 1991 As a CMU grad student, James Gosling (CS’83) worked on the Andrew project, which stressed interoperability between computers, whether they were Macs, IBMs or Unix machines. Those lessons served Gosling well when he developed Java, the first programming language able to run on almost any platform.
16. CAPTCHAs, 2000 “Spam” and malicious attacks were a growing problem on the Internet when hackers developed automated “bots” that could sign up for email and other Web services without human intervention. Luis von Ahn (CS’03,’05), Nick Hopper (CS’04), John Langford (CS’02) and CMU professor Manuel Blum invented a “Completely Automated Public Turing Test to tell Computers and Humans Apart,” or CAPTCHA, to help foil the bots. A later variation, reCAPTCHA, is helping digitize old books and
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu


Answer: 