Question: Which paper proposed style radiance fields?

Context: 3D style transfer aims to render stylized novel views of a 3D scene with multi-view consistency. However, most ex- isting work suffers from a three-way dilemma over accu- rate geometry reconstruction, high-quality stylization, and being generalizable to arbitrary new styles. We propose StyleRF (Style Radiance Fields), an innovative 3D style transfer technique that resolves the three-way dilemma by performing style transformation within the feature space of a radiance ﬁeld. StyleRF employs an
3 2 0 2

r a

M 4 2

]

V C . s c [

3 v 8 9 5 0 1 . 3 0 3 2 : v i X r a

StyleRF: Zero-shot 3D Style Transfer of Neural Radiance Fields

Kunhao Liu1

Fangneng Zhan2 Yiwen Chen1

Jiahui Zhang1

Yingchen Yu1 Abdulmotaleb El Saddik3,5

Shijian Lu1∗

Eric Xing4,5

Multi-view Content ImagesReference Style Images + Stylized Novel Views

1Nanyang Technological University 2Max Planck Institute for Informatics

3University of Ottawa

4Carnegie Mellon University 5MBZUAI
In this work, we introduce StyleRF to resolve the three- way dilemma by performing style transformation in the fea- ture space of a radiance ﬁeld. A radiance ﬁeld is a contin- uous volume that can restore more precise geometry than point clouds or meshes. In addition, transforming a radi- ance ﬁeld in the feature space is more expressive with bet- ter stylization quality than implicit methods [8], and it can also generalize to arbitrary styles. We construct a 3D scene representation with a grid
A “school of computer science” is proposed Feeling that CSD’s needs were inadequately represented in MCS, CSD head A. Nico Habermann and then-CMU provost Angel Jordan in 1986 wrote a white paper proposing the creation of “a School of Computer Science.” Responding to concerns from the faculty that the change might be taking place too quickly, the university first established a free-floating Department of Computer Science. The experiment, which lasted two years, was an unqualified success.
The MLT thesis may focus on either a significant research result or a significant implementation of a new technology. The student should work with their adv isor to

define an interesting but bounded thesis research project. The MLT thesis culminates in MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

a publication -quality paper that clearly describes the work in terms of its research

significance.

The MLT thesis committee will be composed of a thesis advisor  and two additional
SAE’s buggy as a “sleek aluminum auto”, and DTD’s letter to the editor in 1951 complaining that if a team had used a “Buick grill” they would have placed in Design Comp, we’ve determined that Buggy #4 (2nd from the left in the Design Comp photo below) is actually SAE’s design winner. For a better look at the design, check out the 1950 photos, which is a similar style (though with different wheels, a different pushbar, and likely some other changes).] 1949 Photos. Here are photos from 1949.


Answer: 