Question: What is it fine-tuned on for creating StarCoder?

Context: Multimodal Supervised Fine-Tuning A vision encoder and a pre-trained LLM are jointly fine- tuned on an instruction-following demonstration dataset using token-level supervision to produce a supervised fine-tuned (SFT) model πSFT.
view”). They improve these encoders by fine- tuning the BERT encoder using weak supervision of coreferent entities and improving the knowledge graph representations using data augmentation on the knowledge graph. These two views of each en- tity are then combined to produce a representation. In their original paper, they propose an alter- nating multi-view K-Means procedure where clus- ter assignments that are computed in one view are used to initialize cluster centroids in the other view.
Specifically, we utilize an encoder-decoder LM as source LM (Ls) to provide LM-preferred signals on a source task (Ts) for fine-tuning a pre-trained retriever. Then, we plug the fine-tuned retriever into unseen target LM (Lt) on a set of target tasks (Tt) non-intersecting with Ts.
21. RNA sequencing via videogames, 2010 Thanks to crowdsourcing, science isn’t just for scientists any more. People without formal training in molecular biology are producing new insights into genetic encoding through a videogame called EteRNA, developed by researchers at CMU and Stanford, that allows players to fold and shift RNA molecules to solve on-screen puzzles.
7125; or tix@cmu.edu. MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 9

1.6 The Carnegie Mellon Code

Students at Carnegie Mellon, because they are members of an academic community dedicated

to the achievement of excellence, are expected to meet the highest standards of personal,

ethical,  and moral conduct possible.

These standards require personal integrity, a commitment to honesty without compromise, as well as truth without equivocation and a willingness to place the good of the community
4 Carnegie Mellon Code

Students at Carnegie Mellon, because they are members of an academic community dedicated to

the achievement of excellence, are expected to m eet the highest standards of personal, ethical

and moral conduct possible.

These standards require personal  integrity, a commitment to honesty without compromise, as

well as truth without equivocation and a willingne ss to place the good of the community above


Answer: 