Question: What is the tldr of the paper Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification?

Context: Paper title: 'Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Multimodal Interaction Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, R. Salakhutdinov, P. Liang, Yun Cheng Summary: A comparative study of how humans annotate two categorizations of multimodal interactions is performed and a method to automatically convert annotations of partial and counterfactual labels to information decomposition is
Results on multimodal fusion: We show full results on quantifying datasets in Table 6. For multimodal fusion, we find that different datasets do require different interactions. Among interesting observations are that (1) all pairs of modalities on sarcasm detection shows high synergy values, which aligns with intuition on sarcasm in human communication, (2) uniqueness values are strongly correlated with unimodal performance (e.g., AV-MNIST and MIMIC first modality), (3) datasets with high
[10] C. Chen, K. Z. Zhang, Z. Chu, and M. Lee, “Augmented reality in the metaverse market: the role of multimodal sensory interaction,” Internet Research, 2023.

[11] S. Cai, K. Zhu, Y. Ban, and T. Narumi, “Visual-tactile cross-modal data generation using residue-fusion gan with feature-matching and perceptual losses,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, vol. 6, no. 4, pp. 7525–7532, 2021.
New departments, new areas of study Along the way, the Center for Machine Translation became the Language Technologies Institute, and other new departments were formed, including the Human-Computer Interaction Institute (1993), the Institute for Software Research (1999), the Machine Learning Department (2006) and the Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology (2009). SCS’s seven degree-granting departments draw faculty and students from a wide variety of disciplines, including
8. User interfaces, 1983 Why should humans adapt to fit computers? Shouldn’t computers adapt to fit humans? That was the attitude of CMU researchers, who applied design principles to computer science to develop better, easier-to-use interfaces. They called the new field “human-computer interaction.”
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Alexander Rudnicky Email: alex.rudnicky@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6511 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing Phone: 412-268-2622


Answer: 