Question: What are the two proposed subtasks for the DSTC11 automatic evaluation track?

Context: This paper presents a comprehensive overview of Track 4 on "Robust and Multilingual Automatic Evaluation Metrics for Open-Domain Dialogue Systems" organized as part of the 11th Dialogue System Technology Challenge (DSTC11). The track was divided into two subtasks addressing an important problems in Dialogue Systems: the design of automatic evaluation metrics for multi- lingual dialogues and dialogue robustness when dealing with paraphrases or back-translations.
3 2 0 2

p e S 4 1

] L C . s c [

3 v 4 9 7 2 1 . 6 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Overview of Robust and Multilingual Automatic Evaluation Metrics for Open-Domain Dialogue Systems at DSTC 11 Track 4
multiple domains and dimensions. Also, their focus is mainly on the English language. All of these challenges prompt the development of automatic evaluation metrics that are reliable in various domains, dimensions, and languages. This track in the 11th Dialogue System Technol- ogy Challenge (DSTC11) is part of the ongoing effort to promote robust and multilingual auto- matic evaluation metrics. This article describes the datasets and baselines provided to partici- pants and discusses the
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.
because they explain the program sequence, it s Core and Knowledge co urses requirements and

how students will meet the program learning outcomes.

10.7 End of Semester Evaluation

The MSAII program conducts an academic progress re view at the conclusion of each semester in

order to monitor individual student progress towa rds graduation. Should a student’s effort fall

below the acceptable level of academic perfor mance and/or fail to meet the standards
The MIIS degree is offered in  two options:

Option 1. Standard MIIS degree  (MIIS -16) - A 16 -month track that is completed in three

academic semesters (fall, spring, fall) and a summer internship.

Option 2. MIIS: Advanced Study degree  (MIIS -21) - A 21 -month track that is completed in

four academic semesters (fall, spring, fall, spring) and a summer internship.

MIIS: Advanced Study track offers in depth  degree in one of the following areas of

concentration:


Answer: 