Question: What is the success rate of the baseline in real-world component of HomeRobot OVMM benchmark?

Context: yearly to assess progress on this challenging problem. Real-world benchmarking will be run as a part of the NeurIPS 2023 HomeRobot OVMM competition [23].
drive research in this area, we introduce the HomeRobot OVMM benchmark, where an agent navigates household environments to grasp novel objects and place them on target receptacles. HomeRobot has two components: a simulation component, which uses a large and diverse curated object set in new, high-quality multi-room home environments; and a real-world component, providing a software stack for the low-cost Hello Robot Stretch to encourage replication of real-world experiments across labs. We
Real World

FindObj Pick FindRec Overall Success

Heuristic Only RL Only

70 70

35 45

30 30

15 20

Table 4: Success Rate (in %) for heuristic and RL baselines in the real world OVMM task. In both cases, the grasping action is executed as described in Sec. 4; but initial conditions of the robot such as its position relative to the object or to other obstacles may cause various failures.

6 Conclusions and Future Work
After an hour-long argument with the judges (and presumably the Sweepstakes committee), the decision to DQ PiKA was upheld and DTD was awarded the victory. Final Time. The Tartan reported that DTD’s winning time was 3:49, but our database has the time as 2:49. 3:49 would be significantly slower than any other race on this course, but I also think it’s possible. Bleak skies threatened the race (meaning it may have been bad weather), the best Prelim time was 3:24.5, and DTD was the 2nd buggy to
the 3 teams qualifying for Finals, broke the post-war record. In the finals, it was another close battle, with DTD squeaking it out over PiKA. DTD’s winning time of 2:42.5 was fast enough to set the course record, and PiKA’s 2:43.5 was only ½ second behind the prior record. SAE’s Best Design. SAE took home the trophy for Design Comp with their sleek aluminum buggy. Unfortunately, we haven’t found a photo. [Ed. Update: Based on the buggies from 1950, the 1950 Thistle’s actual description of
cross the finish line in the Finals. So is it possible that DTD rolled 35 seconds faster during the Finals? Sure. But I think I buy that they were 25 seconds slower a little more. 1947 Raceday: Prelims on Friday, May 2 at 1:00pm; Finals on Saturday, May 3 at 2:30pm


Answer: 