Question: Are there any auditions to join The Kiltie Band?

Context: In this section, we explore if the multi-task training of AAR can endow the retriever with better gener- alization to the target task. Specifically, we choose KILT (Petroni et al.) as our multi-task data source, which consists of 5 categories (Fact Checking, En- tity Linking, Slot Filling, Open Domain QA, and Dialogue). We take one representative subtask per category to form a mixture of multiple source tasks. Figure 7 illustrates that ANCE trained with multi-task KILT can consistently
Figure 7: Comparison between single-task (MS- MARCO QA) and multi-task (KILT) trained AAR. TART (Asai et al., 2022) is a multi-task instruction- finetuned retriever that has not been finetuned with LM- preferred signals.
We provide a detailed selection of the source tasks here, using a variety of source and target tasks to an- alyze. MSMARCO QA, KILT-TriviaQA, and NQ belong to Open Domain QA, while KILT-T-REx and zsRE belong to Slot Filling. MMLU belongs to Multi-task Language Understanding, which is

3https://huggingface.co/OpenMatch/t5-ance 4https://huggingface.co/facebook/contriever-msmarco

Tt MMLU NQ zsRE 75.1 74.9 77.2

Ts MSMARCO QA KILT-TriviaQA KILT-T-REx

44.8 43.6 44.1

46.7 46.4 45.9
Q: Are there auditions? A: No, any member of the campus community with music experience is able to join the Kiltie Band!

Q: Do I have to memorize music? A: No, the music is changed for every show. You should invest in a good and trusty lyre.

Q: When is the first rehearsal? A: On the first day of class (Monday) at 5:30 p.m. in the CUC Studio Theater. If you have questions, please email the Direcator at jolisar@andrew.cmu.edu.
The Kiltie Band is a campus organization recognized by Student Senate and administered by the Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation. Membership is open to all members of the campus/community without audition. Participants must do their best to promote the success of the ensemble through attendance, attitude, and dependability.
Interested in Joining?

Please email the following information to Kiltie Band Director Jeremy Olisar.

Name High School Address at Carnegie Mellon (if known) Home address Cell number Home number Whether you plan on being in the band or colorguard If in the band what instrument(s) you play Whether you need to borrow an instrument or equipment

To see and hear the band in action, visit our YouTube channel


Answer: 