Question: Who is the PhD Program Director for the LTI PhD degree?

Context: Units: 1-48

Section: PP,R

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Callan

Summer 2024

Course number: 11935

Title: LTI Practicum

Units: 1-36

Section: P,R

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking,Callan

Summer 2024

Course number: 11936

Title: PhD Internship

Units: VAR

Section: P,S

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
We would like to thank our workers on MTurk for their responses. We are also grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments. Special thanks to Saadia Gabriel, Jocelyn Shen, Ashutosh Baheti, and the members of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and Ope- nAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fun- damental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dyn- abench Data Collection and Benchmarking Plat- form” award “ContExTox:
Acknowledgements

This work was supported in part by a grant from the Singapore Defence Science and Technology Agency and the IBM PhD Fellowship. We thank Chunting Zhou, Amanda Bertsch, Uri Alon, Hi- roaki Hayashi, Harsh Trivedi, Patrick Lewis, Timo Schick, Kaixin Ma, Shuyan Zhou, and Songwei Ge for their insightful discussions and help with the experiments.

References
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
potential advisors determine how many new students they can take and  indicate their

preferences. Finally, the entire LTI faculty meets as a " Matching  Committee" to determine the best

set of matches.

Until a student finds a specific advisor, the Progr am Director  of the LTI graduate programs serves

as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is
Internships are typically scheduled during the summer. In certain cases,  it is possible to schedule

an internship during the fall or spring semester; the details are complex, especially for international students, so the student should discuss this as early as possible with the Ph.D.

Program Director . International students must coordinate carefully with the LTI in any event, due

to visa restrictions. LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 25


Answer: 