Question: In the KALE lexical expansion paper, what three datasets are evaluated?

Context: Paper title: 'KALE: Using a K-Sparse Projector for Lexical Expansion' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval Authors: Bruno Martins, Jamie Callan, Luís Borges Summary: KALE is a new lightweight method that uses a small model with a k-sparse projector to convert dense representations into a sparse set of entries from a latent vocabulary, which can replace the original lexical vocabulary with gains in accuracy and
4.5 Dataset Statistics To this end, we automatically compile a dataset with event hierarchies of maximum height=3 that consists of 2K events and 937K across 42 languages. The detailed statistics of the train-dev-test split as well as the Wikinews evaluation set (WN) are presented in Table 1. Other than the events within hierarchies, we use the full set of events (including single- tons) as the pool of candidates, this expands the effective size of our event dictionary to nearly 13k.
Evaluating Domain Generalization We evaluate on the union of two question-answering benchmarks: Machine Reading for Question Answering (MRQA) (Fisch et al., 2019) and UnifiedQA (Khashabi et al., 2020), which together consist of 30 unique QA datasets. These QA datasets span a range of domains, allowing us to measure the impact of topic alignment (see Table 9).
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.
Tartan, Heat 1 saw a very tight race between KapSig, DTD, and PiKA, with KapSig winning in 3:24.5, DTD finishing in 3:25.1, and PiKA finishing in 3:26.3. Those were the top 3 times and they advanced to the finals. Prelim Heat 2 paired Beta, SAE, and DU, and SAE won the heat by default, as Beta was DQ’d for a pushbar violation and DU was DQ’d for a Hill 4-5 transition violation (the Tartan reports that they “shoved the buggy into the last zone instead of pushing it”). Prelims Heat 3 was a battle
3.3.6.3 Areas of Concentration In addition to the common MCDS core, all students must complete at least one area of concentration, which consists of three courses in Analytics, Systems, or Human- Centered Data Science. Students consult with their academic advisor and choose one or more areas of concentration during their first semester, in preparation for enrolling in Spring classes.


Answer: 