Question: Which LTI faculty were involved in the WebArena paper?

Context: Paper title: 'WebArena: A Realistic Web Environment for Building Autonomous Agents' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Robert Lo, Frank F. Xu, Shuyan Zhou, Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Uri Alon, Daniel Fried, Abishek Sridhar, Graham Neubig, Yonatan Bisk, Xianyi Cheng Summary: This paper builds an environment for language-guided agents that is highly realistic and reproducible, and creates an environment with fully functional websites from four common domains:
We would like to thank our workers on MTurk for their responses. We are also grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments. Special thanks to Saadia Gabriel, Jocelyn Shen, Ashutosh Baheti, and the members of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and Ope- nAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fun- damental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dyn- abench Data Collection and Benchmarking Plat- form” award “ContExTox:
Alex D Wade. 2022. The semantic scholar academic graph (s2ag). Companion Proceedings of the Web Conference 2022.

Samuel Way, Daniel Larremore, and Aaron Clauset. 2016. Gender, productivity, and prestige in computer science faculty hiring networks.

Robert S Weiss. 1995. Learning from strangers: The art and method of qualitative interview studies. Simon and Schuster.

A Details of Qualitative Methodologies

A.1 Participant demographics
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu


Answer: 