Question: Who are all of the tenure-track associate professors in LTI?

Context: We would like to thank our workers on MTurk for their responses. We are also grateful to the anonymous reviewers for their helpful comments. Special thanks to Saadia Gabriel, Jocelyn Shen, Ashutosh Baheti, and the members of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and Ope- nAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fun- damental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dyn- abench Data Collection and Benchmarking Plat- form” award “ContExTox:
SSBSE 2023 upheld the longstanding tradition of SSBSE by gathering the SBSE community yearly to share and discuss advancements in the ﬁeld. This year, we wel- comed submissions showcasing innovative contributions across all SBSE domains. Speciﬁcally, we received 13 submissions to the main Research track, four to the Repli- cations and Negative Results (RENE)/New Ideas and Emerging Results (NIER) track, six to the SBSE Challenge track, and two to the Hot Off the Press (HOP) track. Each valid
First of all, we thank our workers on MTurk for their hard work and thoughtful responses. We thank the anonymous reviewers for their helpful com- ments. We also thank Shengyu Feng and mem- bers of the CMU LTI COMEDY group for their feedback, and OpenAI for providing access to the GPT-3.5 API. This research was supported in part by the Meta Fundamental AI Research Laboratories (FAIR) “Dynabench Data Collection and Benchmarking Platform” award “ContExTox: Context-Aware and Explainable Toxicity
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
potential advisors determine how many new students they can take and  indicate their

preferences. Finally, the entire LTI faculty meets as a " Matching  Committee" to determine the best

set of matches.

Until a student finds a specific advisor, the Progr am Director  of the LTI graduate programs serves

as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising


Answer: 