Question: How many authors are on the paper "Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification"?

Context: Paper title: 'Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Multimodal Interaction Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, R. Salakhutdinov, P. Liang, Yun Cheng Summary: A comparative study of how humans annotate two categorizations of multimodal interactions is performed and a method to automatically convert annotations of partial and counterfactual labels to information decomposition is
Torsten Wörtwein, Lisa B. Sheeber, Nicholas Allen, Jeffrey F. Cohn, and Louis-Philippe Morency. 2021. Human-guided modality informativeness for affec- tive states. In Proceedings of the 2021 International

Conference on Multimodal Interaction, ICMI ’21, page 728–734, New York, NY, USA. Association for Computing Machinery.
[10] C. Chen, K. Z. Zhang, Z. Chu, and M. Lee, “Augmented reality in the metaverse market: the role of multimodal sensory interaction,” Internet Research, 2023.

[11] S. Cai, K. Zhu, Y. Ban, and T. Narumi, “Visual-tactile cross-modal data generation using residue-fusion gan with feature-matching and perceptual losses,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, vol. 6, no. 4, pp. 7525–7532, 2021.
8. User interfaces, 1983 Why should humans adapt to fit computers? Shouldn’t computers adapt to fit humans? That was the attitude of CMU researchers, who applied design principles to computer science to develop better, easier-to-use interfaces. They called the new field “human-computer interaction.”
New departments, new areas of study Along the way, the Center for Machine Translation became the Language Technologies Institute, and other new departments were formed, including the Human-Computer Interaction Institute (1993), the Institute for Software Research (1999), the Machine Learning Department (2006) and the Ray and Stephanie Lane Center for Computational Biology (2009). SCS’s seven degree-granting departments draw faculty and students from a wide variety of disciplines, including
Turing Awards and a Nobel Prize In 1975, Simon and Newell were awarded the A.M. Turing Award for their work in artificial intelligence. (As of 2014, 12 CMU alumni or faculty have been awarded Turings, sometimes considered the Nobel Prize of computing.) Three years later, Simon received the Nobel Prize in Economics for his work on decision-making theory. As the 1970s progressed, Newell became interested in human-computer interaction, and began a long relationship with Xerox’s Palo Alto Research


Answer: 