Question: Are guests allowed to play in the tennis court?

Context: Engaging: The response is somewhat engaging. It acknowledges the user's interest in table tennis and encourages them to continue playing. 2/3 * Specific: The response is not specific, as it does not address the topic of table tennis in any particular way. 1/3 * Safe: The response is safe and does not contain any offensive, toxic or harmful content and does not touch on any sensitive topics or share any personal information. 3/3 * User understanding: The response shows some understanding of the
night. Provision for children to play (under supervi- sion). In summer people sleep in open. Pedestrian traﬃc within village. Eﬃcient use of school; no distraction of stu- dents.

77

Village and individual houses must be pro- tected from ﬁre.

Unpaired rpg Set 13

5 10 20

24

37

102 128 131 140
after his semi - final win in Beijing , his phone was flooded with

loyal messages from the coaches and players . This sparked his realization that it had become bigger than tennis , and they had become a family trying to keep in touch no matter how far apart they

all were . He feels it has helped provide a support system for everyone , both on and off the court , at a time when they really needed it the most .

(... Truncated )

B.2.3 Sample 3 - [urlsf_subset04]-[230559]-web
Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketball, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight- training and aerobic equipment. The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight- lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for basketball and volleyball. All users must present a current Carnegie Mellon Card to use these facilities. More information can be found at: http://www.cmu.edu/athletics 6.19 CMU Alert CMU Alert sends voice and/or text
Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketba ll, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight-

training and aerobic equipment. The University Cent er’s recreational facilities include an eight-

lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobi cs room, fitness center and gym for basketball

and volleyball. All users must pr esent a current Carnegie Mellon Card to use these facilities. 41

13.19  CMU Alert

www.cmu.edu/alert
workshops and instruction related to fitness and health. The Athletics Office is located in the

Skibo Gymnasium. MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 38

Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketball, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight -

training and aerobic equipment. The University Center’s recreational facilities include an

eight- lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for


Answer: 