Question: Where is Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification published?

Context: Paper title: 'Multimodal Fusion Interactions: A Study of Human and Automatic Quantification' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on Multimodal Interaction Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, R. Salakhutdinov, P. Liang, Yun Cheng Summary: A comparative study of how humans annotate two categorizations of multimodal interactions is performed and a method to automatically convert annotations of partial and counterfactual labels to information decomposition is
Results on multimodal fusion: We show full results on quantifying datasets in Table 6. For multimodal fusion, we find that different datasets do require different interactions. Among interesting observations are that (1) all pairs of modalities on sarcasm detection shows high synergy values, which aligns with intuition on sarcasm in human communication, (2) uniqueness values are strongly correlated with unimodal performance (e.g., AV-MNIST and MIMIC first modality), (3) datasets with high
[10] C. Chen, K. Z. Zhang, Z. Chu, and M. Lee, “Augmented reality in the metaverse market: the role of multimodal sensory interaction,” Internet Research, 2023.

[11] S. Cai, K. Zhu, Y. Ban, and T. Narumi, “Visual-tactile cross-modal data generation using residue-fusion gan with feature-matching and perceptual losses,” IEEE Robotics and Automation Letters, vol. 6, no. 4, pp. 7525–7532, 2021.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Alexander Rudnicky Email: alex.rudnicky@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6511 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing Phone: 412-268-2622
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Louis-Philippe Morency Email: morency@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5411 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing Phone: 412-268-5508
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Bhiksha Ramakrishnan Email: bhiksha@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6705 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing, Privacy Phone: 412-268-9826


Answer: 