Question: Where is FACTORCL published?

Context: Paper title: 'Factorized Contrastive Learning: Going Beyond Multi-view Redundancy' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Louis-Philippe Morency, P. Liang, Martin Q. Ma, R. Salakhutdinov, James Y. Zou, Zihao Deng Summary: FactorCL is a new multimodal representation learning method to go beyond multi-view redundancy and captures both shared and unique information and achieves state-of-the-art results on six benchmarks.
FACTORCL on a suite of synthetic datasets and large-scale real-world multimodal benchmarks involving images and figurative language [87], prediction of human sentiment [90], emotions [92], humor [27], and sarcasm [12], as well as patient disease and mortality prediction from health indicators and sensor readings [37], achieving new state-of-the-art performance on six datasets. Overall, we summarize our key technical contributions here:
contained in modality-unique regions: information that is only present in one modality but still relevant to the task. How can we learn self-supervised multimodal representations to capture both shared and unique information relevant to down- stream tasks? This paper proposes FACTORCL, a new multimodal representation learning method to go beyond multi-view redundancy. FACTORCL is built from three new contributions: (1) factorizing task-relevant information into shared and unique
13.7 Academic Calendar

The official academic calendar is published by Enro llment Services. It is not uncommon for

departments and colleges to have academic requir ements that differ from or are in addition to

those presented in the academic calendar provided to the campus community by Enrollment Services. See https://www.cmu.edu/hub/calendar/ docs/2223-academic-calendar.pdf ..

13.8 Professional Development
7.7 Academic Calendar

The official academic calendar is published by Enrollment Services. It is not uncommon for

departments and colleges to have academic requirements that differ from or are in addition to those presented in the academic calendar provided to the campus community by Enrollment MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 32

Services. You may find the CMU academic calendar here : www.cmu.edu/hub/calendar.html .
Inquiries concerning the application of and compliance with this statement should be directed to the university ombudsman, Carnegie Mellon University, 5000 Forbes Avenue, Pittsburgh, PA

15213, telephone 412- 268- 1018. Obtain general information about Carnegie Mellon University

by calling 41 2-268- 2000.

Carnegie Mellon University publishes an annual campus security and fire safety report describing the university's security, alcohol and drug, sexual assault and fire safety policies, and


Answer: 