Question: At what conference was Exploration on HuBERT with Multiple Resolutions published?

Context: Paper title: 'Reducing Barriers to Self-Supervised Learning: HuBERT Pre-training with Academic Compute' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Interspeech Authors: Yifan Peng, Xuankai Chang, William Chen, Shinji Watanabe, Zhaoheng Ni, Soumi Maiti Summary: This work optimizing HuBERT SSL to fit in academic constraints, and reproducibility, and explores a semi-supervised route, using an ASR model to skip the first pre-training iteration.
[104] Yao-Hung Hubert Tsai, Paul Pu Liang, Amir Zadeh, Louis-Philippe Morency, and Ruslan Salakhutdinov. Learning factorized multimodal representations. In International Conference on Learning Representations, 2019.

[105] Michael Tsang, Dehua Cheng, and Yan Liu. Detecting statistical interactions from neural network weights.

In International Conference on Learning Representations, 2018.
Evan Zheran Liu, Kelvin Guu, Panupong Pasupat, Tianlin Shi, and Percy Liang. Reinforcement learning on web interfaces using workflow-guided exploration. In 6th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2018, Vancouver, BC, Canada, April 30 - May 3, 2018, Conference Track Proceedings. OpenReview.net, 2018. URL https://openreview.net/forum?id= ryTp3f-0-.

Jieyi Long. Large language model guided tree-of-thought. ArXiv preprint, abs/2305.08291, 2023.
issues. Generally, graduate students are expected to seek informal resolution of all concerns within the applicable department, unit, or program before invoking formal p rocesses. When an

informal resolution cannot be reached, however, a graduate student who seeks further review of the matter is to follow the for mal procedures outlined here. T hese appeal and grievance
resolution cannot be reached, however, a graduate student who seeks further review of the matter is to follow the formal procedures outlined here. These appeal and grievance procedures

shall apply to students in all graduate progr ams of the University. Students should refer to the

department specific information in this handbook for department and college information about

the administration and academic policies of the program.
on the Graduate Education Resource webpage. This document summarizes processes available to

graduate students who seek review of academic and non -academic issues. Generally, graduate

students are expected to seek informal resolution of all concerns within the applicable department, unit, or program before invok ing formal processes. When an informal resolution


Answer: 