Question: What is the name of the initiative introduced to track and incentivize the global development of equitable language technology?

Context: This work was initiated at and benefited substan- tially from the Dagstuhl Seminar 22232: Efficient and Equitable Natural Language Processing in the Age of Deep Learning. We further thank Niran- jan Balasubramanian, Jonathan Frankle, Michael Hassid, Kenneth Heafield, Sara Hooker, Alexan- der Koller, Alexandra Sasha Luccioni, Alexander Löser, André F. T. Martins, Colin Raffel, Nils Reimers, Leonardo Riberio, Anna Rogers, Ed- win Simpson, Noam Slonim, Noah A. Smith, and Thomas Wolf for a fruitful
Recently, Nguyen et al. (2023) leverage the success of discrete representation and introduce the ﬁrst end-to-end generative spoken dialogue language model. However, due to the data and computational resource scarcity mentioned above, it would be challenging to train spoken generative language models from scratch that enables the processing of complex audio information. Differently, we regard LLMs (i.e., ChatGPT) as the general-purpose interface and leverage various audio foundational models to
Large Language Models (LLMs) The field of natural language processing has witnessed remark- able advancements with the advent of Large Language Models (LLMs), which have significantly improved various NLP tasks. The introduction of the Transformer architecture [46] laid the ground- work for the development of these powerful language models (Devlin et al. 12, Radford et al. 33, Lewis et al. 21, Raffel et al. 34, Brown et al. 7, Chowdhery et al. 9, Zhang et al. 52, Scao et al. 36, Touvron et al.
1  Introduction

Welcome to the Language Technologies Institute, a graduate department in the School of

Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. You have joined a Ph.D. program that focuses on excellence, creativity, and training the next generation of research leaders. While the next few

years will be a time of hard work and intense concentration, we hope that your time at the LTI

will also be rewarding professionally and personally.
such behavior, which will not be tolerated. Re peated infractions, or a serious single infraction

may result in termination from the program.

11.5.6  Language Policy

The MSAII program is a component of the Language  Technologies Institute, which studies and

celebrates the diversity of human language and fo rms of expression. The LTI also recognizes the

futility and unfairness of attempting to det ermine the language students must use when
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Fernando Diaz Email: diazf@cmu.edu Research Areas: Information Retrieval: Recommender Systems, Retrieval and Ranking Models, Natural Language Processing: Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Creativity, Evaluation Phone: 412-268-4229


Answer: 