Question: Which conference was the paper Cross-Modal Fine-Tuning: Align then Refine published in?

Context: Paper title: 'INSTRUCTSCORE: Towards Explainable Text Generation Evaluation with Automatic Feedback' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Lei Li, William Yang Wang, Markus Freitag, Danqing Wang, Wenda Xu, Zhenqiao Song, Liangming Pan Summary: This work fine-tunes a LLAMA model to create an evaluative metric that can produce a diagnostic report aligned with human judgment, and achieves performance levels on
Paper title: 'LoFT: Local Proxy Fine-tuning For Improving Transferability Of Adversarial Attacks Against Large Language Model' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Ankit Shah, Muhammad Ahmed Shah, Soham Deshmukh, R. Olivier, Roshan Sharma, Michael Kuhlmann, Hira Dhamyal, Dareen Alharthi, Massa Baali, Rita Singh, Bhiksha Raj, Hazim T Bukhari Summary: Local fine-tuning of proxy models improves attack transferability and increases attack success rate by $39, $7,
Chung, Y.-A., Weng, W.-H., Tong, S., & Glass, J. (2018). Unsupervised cross-modal alignment of speech and text embedding spaces. In: Proceedings of the 32nd International Conference on Neural Infor- mation Processing Systems. NIPS’18, pp. 7365–7375. Curran Associates Inc., Red Hook, NY, USA. Churchland, P. M., & Churchland, P. S. (1990). Could a machine think? Scientific American, 262(1),

32–7.
5.2 Conference Travel Funding  LTI Ph.D.  Graduate Student Handbook  Page 33

Students funded by research projects receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to p resent a refereed conference paper . There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

5.3 Research Funding
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.


Answer: 