Question: Who is the current assistnat coach of women's basketball?

Context: Yuntao Bai, Andy Jones, Kamal Ndousse, Amanda Askell, Anna Chen, Nova DasSarma, Dawn Drain, Stanislav Fort, Deep Ganguli, Tom Henighan, et al. 2022a. Training a helpful and harmless assistant with reinforcement learning from human feedback. ArXiv:2204.05862.
16 Women gossip extensively while bathing,

25

27

81 113 114

117

119

fetching water, on way to ﬁeld latrines, etc. Assistance for physically handicapped, aged, widows. Family is authoritarian. Security for women and children. Good attendance in school. Development of women’s independent activi- ties. Spread of information about birth control, dis- ease, etc. Eﬃcient use of school; no distraction of stu- dents.

Unpaired rpg Set 16

18

22

31

44 98
[4] Yuntao Bai, Andy Jones, Kamal Ndousse, Amanda Askell, Anna Chen, Nova DasSarma, Dawn Drain, Stanislav Fort, Deep Ganguli, Tom Henighan, et al. Training a helpful and harmless assistant with reinforcement learning from human feedback. arXiv preprint arXiv:2204.05862, 2022.
Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s

Gatherings (GWGs)

A.1.5 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities

https://www.cmu.edu/disability -resources/

The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to

provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities

have equal access to their educational experience. The Office works to  ensure that qualified
Graduate Students of Color Series (SOC) and PhD SOC Network  Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s Gatherings (GWGs) 12 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities https://www.cmu.edu/disability-resources/ The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities have equal access to their educational experience. The Office works to ensure that
Race and ethnically focused programs, including Inter -University Graduate Student s of

Color Series (SOC) and PhD SOC Network

Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s

Gatherings (GWGs)

A.1.5 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities

https://www.cmu.edu/disability -resources/

The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to

provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities have


Answer: 