Question: What is the BERTScore achieved by BASS-adapt on the How-2 test set?

Context: ﬁne-tuned BERTurk model using either the cross-encoder or a bi-encoder architecture. The ﬁne-tuning is done on the Turkish Natural Language Inference and Semantic Textual Similarity benchmark datasets. We show that these measures have better correlations with human evaluations compared to Recall-Oriented Understudy for Gisting Evaluation (ROUGE) scores and BERTScore. We then introduce a deep reinforcement learning algorithm that uses the proposed semantic similarity measures as rewards,
the mT5 summarization models on the MLSUM test set. The given results vary signiﬁcantly across the different met- rics. This is expected, since each metric measures different aspects of the similarity between the ground-truth summary and the generated summary. The lowest scores are obtained with ROUGE, while the highest scores are obtained with BERTScore. However, the scores are not directly com- parable among themselves and a high BERTScore does not necessarily imply that the generated
BERTScore (Zhang et al., 2020a) embeds the generated utterances and the reference with word vectors using the BERT model and computes pair- wise cosine similarity for each generated word vec- tor and each word in the reference, then the recall of the generated sequences is calculated. BERTScore is distinct from the previous two metrics in that it computes similarity across semantic space and has been shown to have a strong correlation with human judgment at the segment level.
Event - Mini-1 Exams Date -  October 14 ; Event - Mini-1 Faculty Course Evaluations close Date -  October 16 ; Event - 20 M-F Fall Break; No Classes Date -  October 23 ; Day - Monday ; Event - Mini-2 Classes Begin Date -  October 23 ; Day - Monday ; Event - Mid-Semester & Mini-1 grades due by 4 pm Date -  October 27 ; Day - Friday ; Event - Mini-2 add, audit & tuition adjustment drop deadline (1) Date -  November 7 ; Day - Tuesday ; Event
8. User interfaces, 1983 Why should humans adapt to fit computers? Shouldn’t computers adapt to fit humans? That was the attitude of CMU researchers, who applied design principles to computer science to develop better, easier-to-use interfaces. They called the new field “human-computer interaction.”
25. Smart, adaptable traffic signals, 2012 Smart traffic lights developed at CMU’s Robotics Institute are saving time and energy, and cutting down on the amount of air pollution created by idling cars. First rolled out in Pittsburgh’s East Liberty neighborhood, the new signals are being studied around the country.


Answer: 