Question: In the paper "Imprecise Label Learning: A Unified Framework for Learning with Various Imprecise Label Configurations", what does ILL leverage for modeling the imprecise label information?

Context: Paper title: 'Imprecise Label Learning: A Unified Framework for Learning with Various Imprecise Label Configurations' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Jindong Wang, B. Raj, Masashi Sugiyama, Ankit Shah, R. Tao, Xingxu Xie, Yidong Wang, Hao Chen, Rita Singh Summary: Imprecise label learning (ILL) is introduced, a framework for the unification of learning with various imprecise label configurations, marking the first unified framework with robust and
learning with various imprecise label configurations. ILL leverages expectation- maximization (EM) for modeling the imprecise label information, treating the precise labels as latent variables. Instead of approximating the correct labels for training, it considers the entire distribution of all possible labeling entailed by the imprecise information. We demonstrate that ILL can seamlessly adapt to partial label learning, semi-supervised learning, noisy label learning, and, more impor- tantly, a
Learning with reduced labeling standards, such as noisy label, partial label, and multiple label candidates, which we generically refer to as imprecise labels, is a commonplace challenge in machine learning tasks. Previous methods tend to propose specific designs for every emerging imprecise label configuration, which is usually unsustainable when multiple configurations of imprecision coexist. In this paper, we introduce imprecise label learning (ILL), a framework for the unification of
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.
Analytics. Students electing to complete the Analytics concentration will also learn to:

Design, implement and evaluate a software system and machine

learning model on real world datasets at real world scale.

Analyze and document data science requirements in different application domains and survey as well as critique state of the art solutions for those requirements.

Systems. Students electing to complete the Systems concentration will also learn to:
Carnegie Mellon University. This program seeks to educate students in the innovative use of

artificial intelligence to create practical soluti ons in a wide variety of application areas. As

artificial intelligence matures, th ere is a great need for students who can envision, design, plan

and deliver solutions that integrate AI technolo gies such as deep learning, natural language

processing, robotics and big data analytics into  new applications. The program stresses both 10


Answer: 