Question: In which year did The Kiltie Band have their first official performance?

Context: Figure 7: Comparison between single-task (MS- MARCO QA) and multi-task (KILT) trained AAR. TART (Asai et al., 2022) is a multi-task instruction- finetuned retriever that has not been finetuned with LM- preferred signals.
Fabio Petroni, Aleksandra Piktus, Angela Fan, Patrick Lewis, Majid Yazdani, Nicola De Cao, James Thorne, Yacine Jernite, Vladimir Karpukhin, Jean Maillard, Vassilis Plachouras, Tim Rocktäschel, and Sebastian Riedel. KILT: a benchmark for knowledge intensive In Proceedings of NAACL, pages language tasks. 2523–2544.
Fabio Petroni, Aleksandra Piktus, Angela Fan, Patrick Lewis, Majid Yazdani, Nicola De Cao, James Thorne, Yacine Jernite, Vladimir Karpukhin, Jean Mail- lard, et al. 2020. Kilt: a benchmark for knowl- arXiv preprint edge intensive language tasks. arXiv:2009.02252.
The Kiltie Band

The Kiltie Band began in 1908 with a group of just seven students dedicated to supporting Carnegie Tech football, and today's Kiltie Band continues a tradition of excellence originated over a century ago. The Band took the field for its first official performance on November 25th, 1922, on what would have been Andrew Carnegie's 87th birthday.
Q: When are rehearsals? A: Football season: Mondays and Thursdays from 5:30 p.m.-7:30 p.m. and Game Day 9:30-11:00a.m. Concert Season: Mondays and Thursdays from 5:30-6:30 p.m. Location is the CUC Studio Theater.

Q: When are performances? A: The Kiltie Band performs at all home football games, a holiday concert, and two spring concerts. Times and dates for all performances are announced at the first practice.
Q: Are there auditions? A: No, any member of the campus community with music experience is able to join the Kiltie Band!

Q: Do I have to memorize music? A: No, the music is changed for every show. You should invest in a good and trusty lyre.

Q: When is the first rehearsal? A: On the first day of class (Monday) at 5:30 p.m. in the CUC Studio Theater. If you have questions, please email the Direcator at jolisar@andrew.cmu.edu.


Answer: 