Question: What are some diffusion models mentioned in the document, "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models"?

Context: Paper title: 'Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: USENIX Security Symposium Authors: Daphne Ippolito, Florian Tramèr, B. Balle, Milad Nasr, Matthew Jagielski, Eric Wallace, Nicholas Carlini, Vikash Sehwag, Jamie Hayes Summary: The results show that diffusion models are much less private than prior generative models such as GANs, and that mitigating these vulnerabilities may require new advances in privacy-preserving training.
Nicholas, Jamie, Vikash, and Eric each indepen- dently proposed the problem statement of extracting training data from diffusion models.

Nicholas, Eric, and Florian performed preliminary experiments to identify cases of data extraction in diffusion models.

Milad performed most of the experiments on Stable Diffusion and Imagen, and Nicholas counted dupli- cates in the LAION training dataset; each wrote the corresponding sections of the paper.
We now extract training data from Stable Diffusion: the largest and most popular open-source diffusion model [58]. This model is an 890 million parameter text- conditioned diffusion model trained on 160 million im- ages. We generate from the model using the default PLMS sampling scheme at a resolution of 512 × 512 pix- els. As the model is trained on publicly-available images, we can easily verify our attack’s success and also mit- igate potential harms from exposing the extracted data. We
in all-things information - including locatin g and obtaining specific resources, providing

specialized research support, advanced training in  the use and management of data. Sign up for

workshops and hands-on topic-spe cific sessions such as data visualization with Tableau,

cleaning data with OpenRefine, and getting st arted with Zotero. Weekly drop-in hours for

Digital Humanities and for Rese arch Data Research Managem ent are scheduled during the
Analytics. Students electing to complete the Analytics concentration will also learn to:

Design, implement and evaluate a software system and machine

learning model on real world datasets at real world scale.

Analyze and document data science requirements in different application domains and survey as well as critique state of the art solutions for those requirements.

Systems. Students electing to complete the Systems concentration will also learn to:
11-663, Applied Machine Learning

11-747, Neural Networks for NLP

11-755, Machine Learning for Signal Processing

11-761, Language and Statistics

11-777, Multimodal Machine Learning  MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 16

11-785, Introduction to Deep Learning

10-601, Introduction to Machine Learning (Master’s)

10-605, Machine Learning with Large Datasets

10-701, Introduction to Machine Learning (PhD)

10-707, Advanced Deep Learning

10-708, Probabilistic Graphical Models


Answer: 