Question: In the ICTIR paper, what does KALE stand for?

Context: Paper title: 'KALE: Using a K-Sparse Projector for Lexical Expansion' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval Authors: Bruno Martins, Jamie Callan, Luís Borges Summary: KALE is a new lightweight method that uses a small model with a k-sparse projector to convert dense representations into a sparse set of entries from a latent vocabulary, which can replace the original lexical vocabulary with gains in accuracy and
Xue L., Constant N., Roberts A., Kale M., Al-Rfou R., Siddhant A., Barua A. and Raffel C. (2021). mT5: A massively multilingual pre-trained text-to-text transformer. In Proceedings of the 2021 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics (NAACL): Human Language Technologies, pp. 483–498.
Linting Xue, Noah Constant, Adam Roberts, Mihir Kale, Rami Al-Rfou, Aditya Siddhant, Aditya Barua, and Colin Raffel. mT5: A massively multilingual pre-trained text-to-text transformer. In Proceedings of the 2021 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies, pages 483–498, 2021.

26
1948 – Barry Rowles (DTD Hill 5) works hard to get DTD (left) across the finish line first, edging out KapSig (right) for the trophy (from the 1949 Thistle). First “Broadcast”. 1948 is the first indication that we have of a “broadcast” on Raceday. According to the May 18, 1948 Tartan, a jeep patrolled the course and carried both the starter and a PA system, allowing the occupants of the vehicle to broadcast the race to the spectators on the course (as long as you were in range to hear the PA
1948 – Design Competition (from the 1949 Thistle). Identified buggies: KapSig (3rd from the left, back row); PiKA (4th from the left, back row); Beta Sigma Rho (far left, back row). We also believe that the bottom buggy in the front row (3 wheels, no shell) belongs to Citcom Clan.

1948 – Hill 1 of the Finals (from the 1949 Thistle). KapSig in Lane 1 (left), DTD in Lane 2 (middle), PiKA in Lane 3 (right)
Parking and Transportation coordinates the Shut tle Service and Escort Service provided for

CMU students, faculty, and community. The Shuttle & Escort website has full information

about these services, stops, routes, tracking and schedules.

14.4 The WORD 51

http://www.cmu.edu/student-affairs/theword//

The WORD is Carnegie Mellon University’s stud ent on-line handbook and is considered a

supplement to the department (and someti mes college) handbook. The WORD contains


Answer: 