Question: Which LTI faculty was a contributor on the HomeRobot paper?

Context: Paper title: 'HomeRobot: Open-Vocabulary Mobile Manipulation' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Robot Learning Authors: Théophile Gervet, Sriram Yenamandra, Alexander Clegg, John Turner, M. Savva, Devendra Singh Chaplot, Chris Paxton, Mukul Khanna, A. Ramachandran, Roozbeh Mottaghi, Austin S. Wang, Angel X. Chang, Vidhi Jain, Z. Kira, Yonatan Bisk, Dhruv Batra, Tsung-Yen Yang, Karmesh Yadav Summary: The HomeRobot OVMM benchmark is introduced, where an agent
[23] S. Yenamandra, A. Ramachandran, M. Khanna, K. Yadav, D. S. Chaplot, G. Chhablani, A. Clegg, T. Gervet, V. Jain, R. Partsey, R. Ramrakhya, A. Szot, T.-Y. Yang, A. Edsinger, C. Kemp, B. Shah, Z. Kira, D. Batra, R. Mottaghi, Y. Bisk, , and C. Paxton. Homerobot open vocab mobile manipulation challenge 2023. https://aihabitat.org/challenge/2023_ homerobot_ovmm/, 2023.

[24] P. Parashar, J. Vakil, S. Powers, and C. Paxton. Spatial-language attention policies for efficient
In this paper, we use HomeRobot to compare two families of approaches: a heuristic solution, using a motion planner shown to work for real-world object search [2], and a reinforcement learning (RL) solution, which learns how to navigate to objects given depth and predicted object segmentation. We use the open-vocabulary object detector DETIC [27] to provide object segmentation for both the heuristic and RL policies. We observe that while the RL methods moved to the object more efficiently if an
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the


Answer: 