Question: What is reciprocal rank used to measure?

Context: ABSTRACT Across a variety of ranking tasks, researchers use reciprocal rank to measure the effectiveness for users interested in exactly one relevant item. Despite its widespread use, evidence suggests that reciprocal rank is brittle when discriminating between systems. This brittleness, in turn, is compounded in modern evaluation set- tings where current, high-precision systems may be difficult to distinguish. We address the lack of sensitivity of reciprocal rank by introducing and connecting
single item. Over the years, reciprocal rank (and less so ESL1) has established itself as a core metric for retrieval [5] and recommendation [4], adopted in situations where there is actually only one relevant item as well as in situations where there are multiple relevant items. Given two rankings, reciprocal rank and ESL1 always agree in terms of which ranking is better. Because of this, we refer to them collectively as the recall level 1 or RL1 metrics.
Despite the widespread use of reciprocal rank, recent evidence suggests that it may brittle when it comes to discriminating between ranking systems [10, 19, 20]. In particular, the low number of unique values of reciprocal rank means that, especially when evaluating multiple highly-performing systems, we are likely to observe tied performance. Voorhees et al. [21] demonstrate that these conditions exist in many modern deep learning benchmarks.
An independent study can be counted as an Elective course, but it cannot be counted as a Qualifying course.

5.4 University Policy on Grades

This policy offers details concerning university grading principles for students taking courses and covers the specifics of assigning and changing grades, grading options, drop/withdrawals, and course repeats. It also defines the undergraduate and graduat e grading standards.

https://www.cmu.edu/policies/student- and-student-life/grading.html
units of eligible study: The course and course grade will appear on the student’s transcript, and the course grade will factor as part of the student’s QPA. 183.3.13 Independent study course Independent study courses allow students to cover study of a particular area of interest, and are used when no formal course is available in a given subject area. Students who are interested in continuing to a Ph.D. degree often enroll in Independent Study, since it offers the opportunity to perform
Grading is a matter of sound discretion of the instructor and final grades are rarely changed without the consent of the instructor who assigned the grade. The following circumstances are

the unusual exceptions that may warrant a grade appeal: (a) the final grade assigned for a course

is based on manifest error (e.g., a clear error such as arithmetic error in computing a grade or


Answer: 