Question: What is the full name of the conference where the paper Transformed Protoform Reconstruction, got published?

Context: Alina Maria Ciobanu and Liviu P. Dinu. 2018. Ab ini- tio: Automatic Latin proto-word reconstruction. In Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Computational Linguistics, pages 1604–1614, Santa Fe, New Mexico, USA. Association for Computa- tional Linguistics.

Arthur P Dempster, Nan M Laird, and Donald B Rubin. 1977. Maximum likelihood from incomplete data via the em algorithm. Journal of the Royal Statistical Society: Series B (Methodological), 39(1):1–22.
the “International Conference on Interactive Collaborative Learning” and the “47th edition of the International Conference on Engineering-Pedagogy” held in 2018 the “Aristotle University of Thessaloniki of Greece,” they at published a text with the papers presented entitled “The Challenges of the Digital Transformation in Education,” in which among the many papers presented, a section on research conducted on preschool, primary and secondary education stands out. Some of the titles observed
3 2 0 2

l u J

6

] L C . s c [

2 v 6 9 8 1 0 . 7 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Transformed Protoform Reconstruction

Young Min Kim∗ and Kalvin Chang∗ and Chenxuan Cui and David Mortensen Language Technologies Institute, Carnegie Mellon University {youngmik, kalvinc, cxcui, dmortens}@cs.cmu.edu

Abstract
The Technical Opportunities Conference (TOC) http://engineering.cmu.edu/companies/toc/  occurs every September. This conference is one of the main recruiting events each year.
thesis defense. The pre sentation must communicate the research work done, similar to

a conference paper presentation. The committee will observe the presentation, and then decide whether the thesis and presentation were acceptable, or whether further

work is required. Unlike a P hD defense, only a simple majority vote of the committee is

required for approval.
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding


Answer: 