Question: What is the technique used by Pengi to leverage Transfer Learning?

Context: 3 Approach

In this section, we describe Pengi, a novel Audio Language Model that leverages Transfer Learning by framing all audio tasks as text generation tasks. It takes as input, an audio recording and a text prompt, and generates free-form text as output. The unified architecture in Figure 2 enables open-ended tasks and close-ended tasks without any additional fine-tuning or task-specific extensions of the architecture.

3.1 Unified Architecture
7 Conclusions We proposed Pengi, a novel Audio Language Model that leverages Transfer Learning by framing all audio tasks as text-generation tasks. It takes as input, an audio recording, and a text prompt, and generates free-form text as output. Pengi is capable of handling both, close-ended and open-ended audio tasks. We benchmarked Pengi on 21 downstream tasks and show it yields SoTA performance in several of them. Our findings break ground in prompting language models with audio for general-
Abstract In the domain of audio processing, Transfer Learning has facilitated the rise of Self-Supervised Learning and Zero-Shot Learning techniques. These approaches have led to the development of versatile models capable of tackling a wide array of tasks, while delivering state-of-the-art performance. However, current models inherently lack the capacity to produce the requisite language for open-ended tasks, such as Audio Captioning or Audio Question Answering. We introduce Pengi, a novel
Information retrieval, machine translation and speech technology are used daily by the general public, while text mining, natural language processing and language-based tutoring are common within more specialized professional or educational environments. The LTI prepares students for this world by offering a minor that gives you the opportunity to not only learn about language technologies, but to also apply that knowledge through a directed project.
An equivalent graduate course previously completed at another institution may be permitted to

satisfy one of the MLT course requirements. The decision on whether a course may be

transferred is made by the MLT Program Director. Typically , the student will provide the

Program Director with the syllabus of the external course, and the Program Director will use that and the student’s transcript to make the decision.

See the section on “Definition of transfer credit versus course exemption .”
Students may request to transfer into the MIIS program after completing their first semester

and before the add/drop deadline of the spring semester. The student must make the request

in writing (or email) to the MIIS Program Director. The MIIS Program D irector will inform

the student about what application materials are required, for example, an explanation of why

a transfer is desired, a proposed plan of study, a proposed advisor, and CMU transcripts.


Answer: 