Question: Is chalk permitted in the Fitness Centre at the Jared L. Cohon University Center?

Context: Greg Brockman, Vicki Cheung, Ludwig Pettersson, Jonas Schneider, John Schulman, Jie Tang, and Wojciech Zaremba. Openai gym, 2016. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/1606.01540.

Mark Chen, Jerry Tworek, Heewoo Jun, Qiming Yuan, Henrique Ponde, Jared Kaplan, Harri Edwards, Yura Burda, Nicholas Joseph, Greg Brockman, et al. Evaluating large language models trained on code. ArXiv preprint, abs/2107.03374, 2021. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2107. 03374.
3 2 0 2

l u J

9 1

] L C . s c [

1 v 1 0 7 9 0 . 7 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Efficiency Pentathlon:

A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation

Hao Peng♠ Qingqing Cao♢

Jesse Dodge♠ Matthew E. Peters♠

Jared Fernandez♡

Tom Sherborne♣∗ Kyle Lo♠†

Sam Skjonsberg♠† Emma Strubell♡♠†

Darrell Plessas♠†

Iz Beltagy♠† Evan Pete Walsh♠†
Jared Kaplan, Sam McCandlish, Tom Henighan, Tom B Brown, Benjamin Chess, Rewon Child, Scott Gray, Alec Radford, Jeffrey Wu, and Dario Amodei. Scaling laws for neural language models. arXiv preprint arXiv:2001.08361, 2020. URL https://arxiv.org/abs/2001.08361.
sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics

classes in the University Center as well as occasional workshops and instruction related to fitness and health . The administrative offices are located in the Cohon University Fitness Center .

The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight -lane pool, racquetball and squash

courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for basketball and volleyball. With renovations to
mailing services, and postal services. Tartan Ink is located on the Lower Level of the Cohon University Center. More information regarding these services, business hours, locations and

contact information can be foun d on the Office of Tartan Ink website at:

https://www.cmu.edu/tartanink/aboutus/index.html

.

6.16 University Center

www.cmu.edu/university -center

The Jared L. Cohon  University Center is a centerpiece of the campus that provides a space for
13.18  Athletic/Fitness Facilities

www.cmu.edu/athletics

For the participant or the spectator, Carnegie Me llon offers intercollegiate athletics, intramural

sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics

classes in the University Center  and Skibo Gym as well as occa sional workshops and instruction

related to fitness and health. The Athletics Office is located in the Cohon University Center.


Answer: 