Question: In the Convoifilter paper, what is the WER achieved by the joint fine-tuning strategy?

Context: However, speech enhancement can create anomalies that decrease ASR efficiency. By imple- menting a joint fine-tuning strategy, the model can reduce the WER from 26.4% in separate tuning to 14.5% in joint tun- ing. We openly share our pre-trained model to foster further research hf.co/nguyenvulebinh/voice-filter.
2.3. Joint fine-tuning strategy
Supervised Fine-Tuning (SFT) on response demonstrations combined with Re- inforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF) constitutes a powerful paradigm for aligning LLM-based AI agents. However, a significant limitation of such an approach is its dependency on high-quality human annotations, making its application to intricate tasks challenging due to difficulties in obtaining consis- tent response demonstrations and in-distribution response preferences. This paper presents a novel approach,
Important Note: MCDS implements the above policy’s option of “conven[ing] a disciplinary hearing according to the procedures of the department/program”. We have adopted the following hearing procedure and “two strikes” rule:  If an instructor determines that an academic integrity violation has occurred, both the instructor and students are given the opportunity to explain the situation to the MCDS program committee. A written hearing by email suffices for this purpose.  The program committee
Separately, and also in 1986, the Pittsburgh Supercomputing Center was created as a joint effort between CMU, the University of Pittsburgh and Westinghouse Electric Corp.
source for either written or oral use must be  fully acknowledged in academic work to be

graded.”

It is a violation of academic integrity for you to assist anyone else in violating the policy or to

provide your work to others to assist them. Be cause team deliverables are the product of joint

work, it is the responsibility of each member of  a team to ensure that all team materials have

been produced in conformance with CMU policies. Credit cannot be given fo r work that is not a


Answer: 