Question: Which LTI prof co-authored the paper titled "Judging LLM-as-a-judge with MT-Bench and Chatbot Arena"?

Context: Zhang, T.; Kishore, V.; Wu, F.; Weinberger, K. Q.; and Artzi, Y. 2020. BERTScore: Evaluating Text Genera- tion with BERT. In 8th International Conference on Learning Representations, ICLR 2020, Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, April 26-30, 2020. OpenReview.net.

Zheng, L.; Chiang, W.-L.; Sheng, Y.; Zhuang, S.; Wu, Z.; Zhuang, Y.; Lin, Z.; Li, Z.; Li, D.; Xing, E.; et al. 2023. Judging LLM-as-a-judge with MT-Bench and Chatbot Arena. arXiv preprint arXiv:2306.05685.
Yao Zhao, Rishabh Joshi, Tianqi Liu, Misha Khalman, Mohammad Saleh, and Peter J. Liu. Slic-hf:

Sequence likelihood calibration with human feedback, 2023.

Lianmin Zheng, Wei-Lin Chiang, Ying Sheng, Siyuan Zhuang, Zhanghao Wu, Yonghao Zhuang, Zi Lin, Zhuohan Li, Dacheng Li, Eric. P Xing, Hao Zhang, Joseph E. Gonzalez, and Ion Stoica. Judging llm-as-a-judge with mt-bench and chatbot arena, 2023.
Kevin Yang, Dan Klein, Asli Celikyilmaz, Nanyun Peng, and Yuandong Tian. Rlcd: Rein- forcement learning from contrast distillation for language model alignment. arXiv preprint arXiv:2307.12950, 2023.

15

Preprint

Lianmin Zheng, Wei-Lin Chiang, Ying Sheng, Siyuan Zhuang, Zhanghao Wu, Yonghao Zhuang, Zi Lin, Zhuohan Li, Dacheng Li, Eric Xing, et al. Judging llm-as-a-judge with mt-bench and chatbot arena. arXiv preprint arXiv:2306.05685, 2023.
potential advisors determine how many new students they can take and  indicate their

preferences. Finally, the entire LTI faculty meets as a " Matching  Committee" to determine the best

set of matches.

Until a student finds a specific advisor, the Progr am Director  of the LTI graduate programs serves

as the advisor.

How to change advisors:  The initial advisor selection should be made carefully. However, it is
alleged violations of academic regulations and the appeal process. Please see https://www.cmu.edu/student- affairs/theword/academic -discipline/

for more information.

Important note:   The LTI implements the above policy’s option of “conven[ing] a disciplinary

hearing according to the procedures of the department/program.”  Our procedure is as follows:

a first violation is grounds for dismiss al from the graduate program. If we decide not to
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the


Answer: 