Question: In the BiasX paper, how much do imperfect machine-generated explanations help in correctly identifying subtly (non-)toxic content?

Context: explanations for cor- rectly identifying subtly (non-)toxic content. The quality of explanations is critical: imper- fect machine-generated explanations (+2.4% on hard toxic examples) help less compared to expert-written human explanations (+7.2%). Our results showcase the promise of using free- text explanations to encourage more thoughtful toxicity moderation.
of varying difficulties. We explore three primary research questions: (1) When do free-text explana- tions help improve the content moderation quality, and how? (2) Is the explanation format in BIASX effective? and (3) How might the quality of the explanations affect their helpfulness? Our results show that BIASX indeed helps moderators better detect hard, subtly toxic instances, as reflected both in increased moderation performance and subjec- tive feedback. Contrasting prior work that use
BIASX improves moderation quality, especially on hard-toxic examples. Shown in Figure 2a, we find that HUMAN-EXPL leads to substantial gains in moderation accuracy over the NO-EXPL base- line on both hard-toxic (+7.2%) and hard-non-toxic examples (+7.7%), which as a result is reflected as a +4.7% accuracy improvement overall. This indi- cates that explicitly calling out statements’ implied stereotypes or prejudices does encourage content moderators to think more thoroughly about the tox- icity
Room: TEP 4219

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Singh

Spring 2024

Course number: 47954

Title: Human and Algorithmic Bias

Units: 6.0

Section: A4

Days: T

Start: 12:00PM

End: 02:50PM

Room: TEP 5222

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Huang

Spring 2024

Course number: 47990

Title: Sem. in Strategic Mgmt:Core Strategy Research/Implications for Teaching Strategy

Units: 6.0

Section: A3

Days: R

Start: 12:25PM

End: 04:15PM

Room: TEP 5222
Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo):UXplore: Uncover the Best of Modern UX Design:

Units: 3.0

Section: A,

Days: M,

Start:  ,07:00PM

End:  ,07:50PM

Room: PH A18A,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Addepalli

Fall 2023

Course number: 98097

Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo): Intro to 3D Modeling- Character Design Pipeline:

Units: 3.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,F

Start:  ,07:00PM

End:  ,08:50PM

Room:  ,CFA 317

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Title: Ethics, Social Biases, and Positive Impact in Language Technologies

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 11:00AM

End: 12:20PM

Room: POS 153

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Sap

Spring 2024

Course number: 11860

Title: Quantum Computing, Cryptography and Machine Learning Lab

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 05:00PM

End: 06:20PM

Room: DH 1211

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Justice, Singh, Ramakrishnan

Spring 2024
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
The streets of the race course haven't changed, but the condition of the course varies due to potholes, which can make or break a fast run. The last course records were set in 2017, but this year potholes are making for some challenging conditions, said Amy Chen, a senior in psychology who has been driving for four years.

With the vehicles just inches from the ground, "even poorly filled potholes makes it dangerous to drive," she added.
and the organizations snuck out at midnight to get some practice on the course. Avoiding Controversies. After the controversy of 1947 (which, sadly and as noted above, we don’t have details of), Sweepstakes decided to tighten up the rules to avoid any confusion for Raceday. Of course, we don’t have the rules that were tightened either. We’ll keep digging, and if we find it out, we’ll update this post. On the plus side, 1948 didn’t appear to have any controversies. Prelim Results. Raceday itself
could solve logic puzzles in the same way that a human might solve them. Newell demonstrated that it worked by writing the instructions on 3-by-5 index cards that were manipulated on the kitchen table by Newell, his wife, and a group of Carnegie Tech grad students.
In any presentation, creative, artistic or research, it is the ethical responsibility of each student to identify the conceptual sources of the work submitted. Failure to do so is dishonest and is the basis for a charge of cheating or plagiarism, which is subject to disciplinary action.
Bias Reporting  MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 39

Discriminatory Harassment/Sexual Misconduct/Title IX

Employee Misconduct

Employment Related

Environmental Health and Safety /Pandemic Safety

Financial Matters

Health and Wellness

Information Systems and Data Privacy

Public Safety and Criminal Activity

Research and Intellectual Property

Students, faculty , and staff can anonymously file a report by calling 1- 844- 587- 0793  or visiting -


Answer: 