Question: What is Graham Neubig's job title?

Context: Pengcheng Yin and Graham Neubig. 2017. A syntactic neural model for general-purpose code generation. In Proceedings of the 55th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics (Volume 1: Long Papers), pages 440–450, Vancouver, Canada. Association for Computational Linguistics.
Shuyan Zhou, Pengcheng Yin, and Graham Neubig. Hierarchical control of situated agents through natural language. In Proceedings of the Workshop on Structured and Unstructured Knowledge Integration (SUKI), pp. 67–84, Seattle, USA, 2022a. Association for Computational Linguistics. doi: 10.18653/v1/2022.suki-1.8. URL https://aclanthology.org/2022.suki-1.8.
Paper title: 'Unlimiformer: Long-Range Transformers with Unlimited Length Input' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Amanda Bertsch, Graham Neubig, Uri Alon, Matthew R. Gormley Summary: This work proposes Unlimiformer: a general approach that wraps any existing pretrained encoder-decoder transformer, and offloads the cross-attention computation to a single k-nearest-neighbor (kNN) index, while the returned kNN distances are the attention dot-product scores.
Room: SH 105,DNM DNM

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA,Bisk, Diaz

Spring 2024

Course number: 11711

Title: Advanced Natural Language Processing:

Units: 12.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,TR

Start: 12:30PM,

End:  ,01:50PM

Room: TEP 1403,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Neubig

Spring 2024

Course number: 11712

Title: Lab in Natural Language Processing: Self-Paced

Units: 6.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA
Instructors: Bisk,Yang,Eskenazi,Gormley,Mortensen,Waibel,Brown,Lee,Cassell,Sycara,Morency,Frederking,Rosenfeld,Kolter,Instructor TBA,Poczos,Salakhutdinov,Mitamura,Lipton,Mostow,Berg-Kirkpatrick,Levin,Cohen,Oh,Strubell,Fahlman,Hauptmann,Callan,Mitchell,Xing,Nyberg,Neubig,Smith,Young,Tsvetkov,Rose,Stern,Rudnicky,Ramakrishnan,Watanabe,Hong,Tomasic

Spring 2024

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48
Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Wu,Bisk,Mortensen,Instructor TBA,Strubell,Fried,Watanabe,Xiong,Neubig,Morency

Fall 2023

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48

Section: E,I,AC,AD,F,AM,D,AH,AN,U,PP,BB,AP,A0,AL,P,C,EE,DD,J,AB,A,S,K,Y,SS,W,B,T,AI,H,L,M,R,AA,O,Q,X,Z,G,AJ,N,V,AK

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Ben Matzke is one such passionate alumnus. A 2011 mechanical engineering graduate, Matzke, former chair of the student group CIA (Carnegie Involvement Association), is chair of the Buggy Alumni Association's Centennial Planning Committee. He attended the first rolls to officially kick off the 100th anniversary season.
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
We don’t have many details of the race itself, but DTD took the win, just barely edging out KapSig, who was less than 1 second behind. DTD’s goggled driver was Dick Stanley, and the Hill 5 pusher working very hard was Barry Rowles. As a consolation prize, KapSig’s streamlined aluminum buggy (which looks just like a slightly larger version of today’s designs, with an extra wheel) took home the Design Comp trophy.
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: David Mortensen Email: dmortens@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5707 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources Phone: 412-268-2894

Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Graham Neubig Email: gneubig@cs.cmu.edu Office: 5409 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing, Spoken Language Processing, Machine Learning
The Office of Research Integrity & Complian ce (ORIC) is designed to support research at

Carnegie Mellon University. The staff work with  researchers to ensure research is conducted

with integrity and in accordance with federa l and Pennsylvania regulation. ORIC assists

researchers with human subject re search, conflicts of interest, re sponsible conduct of research,

export controls, and institutional animal care & us e.  ORIC also provides consultation, advice,
position. Students may use their consulting time to perform unpa id work on research projects

for CMU faculty for up to 10 hours per week.

Students may serve as teaching assistants for CMU faculty. TA work is inconsistent with

research because of the necessary time commitm ent. Students must choose one activity or the

other, not both.

Note that there is an English language proficienc y requirement for TAs. Graduate students are


Answer: 