Question: What class is taught by Eric Nyberg and Teruko Mitamura?

Context: Paper title: 'Language-Agnostic Transformers and Assessing ChatGPT-Based Query Rewriting for Multilingual Document-Grounded QA' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Workshop on Document-grounded Dialogue and Conversational Question Answering Authors: T. Mitamura, Srijan Bansal, Mitali Potnis, Soham Dinesh Tiwari, Srinivas Gowriraj, Eric Nyberg Summary: This paper assesses the effectiveness of both language-agnostic and language-aware paradigms for multilingual pre-trained
Hugo Rodrigues, Luísa Coheur, and Eric Nyberg. Improving question generation with the teacher’s implicit feedback.

In International Conference on Artiﬁcial Intelligence in Education, pages 301–306. Springer, 2018.

Hugo Rodrigues, Eric Nyberg, and Luisa Coheur. Towards the benchmarking of question generation: introducing the

monserrate corpus. Language Resources and Evaluation, 2021. doi: 10.1007/s10579-021-09545-5.
4 2 0 2

b e F 1 2

]

R

I . s c [

2 v 8 9 9 2 0 . 1 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Published in Transactions on Machine Learning Research (MM/YYYY)

InPars-Light: Cost-Effective Unsupervised Training of Effi- cient Rankers

Leonid Boytsov∗ Amazon AWS AI Labs Pittsburgh USA Preksha Patel Vivek Sourabh Riddhi Nisar Sayani Kundu Ramya Ramanathan Eric Nyberg Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh USA

leo@boytsov.info

Reviewed on OpenReview: https: // openreview. net/ forum? id= sHSKFYyINO

Abstract
Instructors: Bisk,Yang,Eskenazi,Gormley,Mortensen,Waibel,Brown,Lee,Cassell,Sycara,Morency,Frederking,Rosenfeld,Kolter,Instructor TBA,Poczos,Salakhutdinov,Mitamura,Lipton,Mostow,Berg-Kirkpatrick,Levin,Cohen,Oh,Strubell,Fahlman,Hauptmann,Callan,Mitchell,Xing,Nyberg,Neubig,Smith,Young,Tsvetkov,Rose,Stern,Rudnicky,Ramakrishnan,Watanabe,Hong,Tomasic

Spring 2024

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48
Instructors: Mitamura

Fall 2023

Course number: 11696

Title: MIIS Capstone Planning Seminar:

Units: 6.0

Section: A,

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room:  ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Brown

Fall 2023

Course number: 11697

Title: Introduction to Question Answering:

Units: 12.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,MW

Start: 12:30PM,

End:  ,01:50PM

Room: PH A18A,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Nyberg, Mitamura

Fall 2023

Course number: 11700
Instructors: Yang,Eskenazi,Mortensen,Waibel,Ganapathiraju,Brown,Cassell,Koedinger,Sycara,Frederking,Metze,Rosenfeld,Instructor TBA,Mitamura,Mostow,Levin,Cohen,Fahlman,Singh,Hauptmann,Callan,Smith,TBA,Xing,Mitchell,Nyberg,Langmead,Schultz,Bar-Joseph,Rose,Lavie,Rudnicky,Carley

Spring 2024

Course number: 11930

Title: Dissertation Research

Units: 1-48

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Callan

Spring 2024

Course number: 11935
Tishya Girdhar, a junior in neuroscience, is social chair for Fringe. She came to CMU wanting to drive, but first she had to get over being claustrophobic. She started as a mechanic and got behind the wheel for last year's Sweepstakes.

"Our team's philosophy is to teach everyone how to do everything," Girdhar said. "But I came to CMU wanting to drive. I wanted to drive so badly."
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
Q: Are there auditions? A: No, any member of the campus community with music experience is able to join the Kiltie Band!

Q: Do I have to memorize music? A: No, the music is changed for every show. You should invest in a good and trusty lyre.

Q: When is the first rehearsal? A: On the first day of class (Monday) at 5:30 p.m. in the CUC Studio Theater. If you have questions, please email the Direcator at jolisar@andrew.cmu.edu.
permitted  only after  registration week)

Class Level, College and Department are correct (if incorrect, please contact your home

academic department)

The registration process can be completed within SIO (Student Information Online) by following 4 easy steps: https://www.cmu.edu/hub/registrar/docs/4 -easy -steps.pdf

If students have any questions about course selection, students  may reach out to MIIS program

director, Teruko Mitamura.

4.7 Drop/Add/Withdraw Procedures
Language Technologies Institute - Faculty Name: Teruko Mitamura Email: teruko@cs.cmu.edu Office: 6711 Gates & Hillman Centers Research Areas: Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics Phone: 412-268-6596
the University Policies website . It is the responsibility of each member of the Carnegie Mellon

community to be familiar with university policies and guidelines.

1.4 MIIS Contact Information

The people responsible for administering the MIIS degree are:

Brianna Eriksen     Teruko Mitamura

Academic Program Manager    Program Director, MIIS

GHC 6415      Professor, LTI

412-268-4277     GHC 6711

bfreema2@andrew.cmu.edu     412-268-6596

teruko@andrew.cmu.edu


Answer: 