Question: What are the protected attributes that CMU does not use in deciding the admission of PhD students?

Context: protected attributes (e.g., race, gender), (4) all models trained on affect recognition datasets use only pre-extracted non-invertible features that rely on general visual or audio features such as the presence of a smile or magnitude of voice which cannot be used to identify the speaker [90, 92], and (5) we studied the videos collected in these affective computing datasets and found no offensive words used or personal attacks recorded in the video. Finally, we only use these datasets for
6.1 Setup Dataset. We use four datasets with provided sensitive attributes and two with synthesized sensitive attributes. (i) IIT-JEE: The dataset comprises the scores of candidates who took the Indian Institutes of Technology Joint Entrance Exam (IIT-JEE) in 2009. This information was made public in June 2009, following a Right to Information request [26]. It contains the scores of about 385𝑘 students, the student’s gender (98𝑘 women and 287𝑘 men), their birth category (see [3]), and zip code.
Sensitive attribute for LTR datasets. We extend prior work [11, 49, 53] and utilize a data-driven approach for selecting features as sensitive attributes and dividing items into two groups based on some threshold on that feature. Our criterion for selecting a feature as a sensitive attribute is as follows: For each feature we divide the items in two groups based on a threshold equal to the mean minus one standard deviation of that feature. If more than 95% of queries have at least one item from
End: 08:50PM

Room: CMU REMOTE

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Barati Farimani

Spring 2024

Course number: 24892

Title: Locomotion Seminar

Units: 0.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 02:00PM

End: 03:20PM

Room: WEH 4623

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Johnson

Spring 2024

Course number: 24992

Title: Professional Development for PhD students II

Units: 2.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 11:00AM

End: 12:20PM

Room: SH 234
Instructors: Instructor TBA

Summer 2024

Course number: 05684

Title: METALS Capstone II Part II

Units: 24.0

Section: U

Days: W

Start: 03:30PM

End: 05:20PM

Room: CMU REMOTE

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: McLaren, Koedinger

Summer 2024

Course number: 11936

Title: PhD Internship

Units: VAR

Section: U

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Summer 2024

Course number: 21127
Title: Grand Challenge Seminar: Equitable Access and Success in Higher Education at CMU:

Units: 9.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,TR

Start:  ,11:00AM

End:  ,12:20PM

Room: PH A18B,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Walsh, Ballesteros Soria

Spring 2024

Course number: 66142

Title: DC 1st Year Seminar: The Mirror of Technology: Biases in Computation & Cognition

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 12:30PM

End: 01:50PM

Room: WEH 5310

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
The Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) Athletics Hall of Fame, which was established in November 2018, will recognize, celebrate and memorialize the contributions of student-athletes, administrators, coaches and supporters, and preserve the history of the intercollegiate athletics program. The Hall of Fame will engender school spirit and pride, and inspire the university community through the celebration of excellence. As part of the Tartan Athletics Club, the Athletics Hall of Fame will enhance
“Buggy is a sport that encompasses all elements that CMU has to offer,” he said. “Everything that goes into it, the challenge, the teamwork, the fun, the rewards. It’s a real-life challenge working with a team. I learned to work together with people with different personalities and visions toward the same goal to make it happen.”
Tishya Girdhar, a junior in neuroscience, is social chair for Fringe. She came to CMU wanting to drive, but first she had to get over being claustrophobic. She started as a mechanic and got behind the wheel for last year's Sweepstakes.

"Our team's philosophy is to teach everyone how to do everything," Girdhar said. "But I came to CMU wanting to drive. I wanted to drive so badly."
Students must begin their study at CMU in the program that admitted them; this  is a university

policy.

Students may request to transfer into the MLT program after completing their first semester. The student must make the request in writing (or email) to the MLT/PhD Admissions Chair. The

MLT/PhD Admissions Chair will inform the student about what application materials are

required;  for example, an explanation of why a transfer is desired, a proposed plan of study, a
Office of Graduate and Post-Doc Affairs: http://www.cmu.edu/graduate/policies/index.html Please see Appendix A for additional information about university resources. 1.6 Carnegie Mellon University Statement of Assurance Carnegie Mellon University does not discriminate in admission, employment or administration of its programs or activities on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, handicap or disability, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, creed, ancestry, belief,
enrolled in the program (CMU policy), or less if required by a more restrictive department, school, or college policy. This statutory p eriod can be extended by the SCS Associate Dean for Graduate

Education for special circumstances that do not make it possible for the student to complete the requirements within the statutory period. Any request for a waiver of the statute of limitations for the Ph.D. degree must be approved by the Department Head and by the SCS Associate Dean


Answer: 