Question: HomeRobot OVMM benchmarks include two components or environments. What are they?

Context: drive research in this area, we introduce the HomeRobot OVMM benchmark, where an agent navigates household environments to grasp novel objects and place them on target receptacles. HomeRobot has two components: a simulation component, which uses a large and diverse curated object set in new, high-quality multi-room home environments; and a real-world component, providing a software stack for the low-cost Hello Robot Stretch to encourage replication of real-world experiments across labs. We
HomeRobot: We also propose HomeRobot,1 a software framework to facilitate extensive bench- marking in both simulated and physical environments. It comprises identical APIs that are imple- mented across both settings, enabling researchers to conduct experiments that can be replicated in both simulated and real-world environments. Table 1 compares HomeRobot OVMM to the literature. Notably, HomeRobot provides a robotics stack for the Hello Robot Stretch which supports a range of capabilities in
may not benefit from those changes. The HomeRobot stack enables end-to-end benchmarking of individual components by providing a full robotics stack, with multiple implementations of different sub-modules. The simplicity helps move beyond standardized sets of objects (e.g., [50–52]) to a common set of robots, objects, and environments. Ours is the only benchmark to provide a broadly capable robotics stack for implementing and sharing robotics code; this is similar to projects like PyRobot [53],
Title: BXA Studio (2nd semester)

Units: 9.0

Section: EA,I,AC,OA,BC,UC,AD,AE,F,NA,D,JA,LB,BB,PB,ED,C,UB,AB,K,Y,BA,W,NC,EC,GA,QA,T,LA,OB,H,UA,JB,NB,GB,M,PA,AA,R,QB,QC,X,Z,EB,S,V

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Title: ASO Masters Studio

Units: 18.0

Section: A,E,B,F,G,C,D,H

Days: TR

Start: 01:00PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: MM 312

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Yang,Byrne,Arscott,Chen,Instructor TBA,Ficca

Fall 2023

Course number: 48655

Title: Environment II: Design Integration of Active Building Systems

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 09:30AM

End: 10:50AM

Room: MM 103

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Baird

Fall 2023

Course number: 48675
Title: Advanced Music Studies Studio (Orchestral):

Units: 18.0

Section: EA,I,AC,OA,BC,UC,AD,AE,F,NA,D,WA,JA, ,LB,BB,PB,ED,C,WB,UB,AB,K,Y,BA,WD,NC,UD,EC,GA,QA,WC,T,LA,OB,H,UA,JB,NB,GB,M,PA,AA,R,QB,QC,X,Z,EB,S,V

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room:  ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Safety is a top priority for teams. All drivers are required to have five pieces of safety gear: mouth guard, goggles, a harness that includes three points of contact to the body of the buggy, gloves and a helmet. And during practice runs and races, flaggers man the course to let drivers know if it's safe to proceed.
“Buggy is a sport that encompasses all elements that CMU has to offer,” he said. “Everything that goes into it, the challenge, the teamwork, the fun, the rewards. It’s a real-life challenge working with a team. I learned to work together with people with different personalities and visions toward the same goal to make it happen.”
1948 – Design Competition (from the 1949 Thistle). Identified buggies: KapSig (3rd from the left, back row); PiKA (4th from the left, back row); Beta Sigma Rho (far left, back row). We also believe that the bottom buggy in the front row (3 wheels, no shell) belongs to Citcom Clan.

1948 – Hill 1 of the Finals (from the 1949 Thistle). KapSig in Lane 1 (left), DTD in Lane 2 (middle), PiKA in Lane 3 (right)
Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketba ll, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight-

training and aerobic equipment. The University Cent er’s recreational facilities include an eight-

lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobi cs room, fitness center and gym for basketball

and volleyball. All users must pr esent a current Carnegie Mellon Card to use these facilities. 41

13.19  CMU Alert

www.cmu.edu/alert
There are two course components required for students who elect to complete the M.S. Thesis: 11 -928 – Masters ’ Thesis I (with the chosen thesis advisor, typically for 12 units,

typically in the Fall of their second year) and 11 -929 – Masters ’ Thesis II in the following

Spring.

Each of these two courses counts towards 6 units of MLT -level LTI course credit; if the

student goes on to an LTI PhD, the second course (11 -929) counts towards one PhD lab

requirement.
Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketball, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight- training and aerobic equipment. The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight- lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for basketball and volleyball. All users must present a current Carnegie Mellon Card to use these facilities. More information can be found at: http://www.cmu.edu/athletics 6.19 CMU Alert CMU Alert sends voice and/or text


Answer: 