Question: What does Self-Refine use to provide feedback and refine the initial output?

Context: Given an input sequence, SELF-REFINE generates an initial output, provides feedback on the output, and refines the output according to the feedback. SELF-REFINE iterates between feedback and refinement until a desired condition is met. SELF-REFINE relies on a suitable language model and three prompts (for initial generation, feedback, and refinement), and does not require training. SELF-REFINE is shown in Figure 1 and Algorithm 1. Next, we describe SELF-REFINE in more detail.
REFINE Next, SELF-REFINE uses M to refine its most recent output, given its own feedback:

yt+1 = M (prefine∥x∥yt∥f bt) . For example, in Figure 2(f), given the initial output and the generated feedback, the model generates a re-implementation that is shorter and runs much faster than the initial implementation. The prompt prefine provides examples of improving the output based on the feedback, in the form of input-output-feedback-refined quadruples ⟨x(k), y(k)

, f b(k) t

, y(k)

t+1⟩.

t
Like humans, large language models (LLMs) do not always generate the best output on their first try. Motivated by how humans refine their written text, we introduce SELF-REFINE, an approach for improving initial outputs from LLMs through iterative feedback and refinement. The main idea is to generate an initial output using an LLM; then, the same LLM provides feedback for its output and uses it to refine itself, iteratively. SELF-REFINE does not require any supervised training data, additional
Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Downs

Spring 2024

Course number: 54433

Title: The Basics of Self-Producing for Theater Artists

Units: 6.0

Section: A3,A4

Days: TR

Start: 11:00AM,03:30PM

End: 12:20PM,04:50PM

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Good,Young

Spring 2024

Course number: 54434

Title: Production Prep: New Works:

Units: 9-21

Section: A, ,B

Days:  ,MTWRF

Start:  ,06:30PM

End:  ,10:30PM

Room: TBA,
Title: Modern Techniques in Uncertainty Quantification

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 11:00AM

End: 12:20PM

Room: WEH 4708

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Wu

Spring 2024

Course number: 17765

Title: Autonomous Self-Adaptive Systems Using Reinforcement Learning

Units: 6.0

Section: M4

Days: R

Start: 04:00PM

End: 05:50PM

Room: GHC 4101

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Al-Shaer

Spring 2024

Course number: 17766
Start: 11:00AM, ,05:00PM,06:30PM

End:  ,10:30PM,03:00PM,06:20PM

Room: TBA,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Warren,Boevers, Hines,Wei,Limauro, Stebbins,Pino,Brown,Prendergast,Instructor TBA,Sahoo,Cody, ,Hanson

Fall 2023

Course number: 54433

Title: The Basics of Self-Producing for Theater Artists

Units: 6.0

Section: A2

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Young

Fall 2023

Course number: 54435
Since the first Campus Week in 1920, when “chariots” were built to race around campus, student groups have been working year-round, using their engineering skills, design expertise and penchant for interdisciplinary collaboration to secretly build, modify and refine the most aerodynamic, torpedo-like vessel they call a “buggy.”
1948 saw the first independent orgs and the start of DTD’s run of greatness, but it wasn’t easy, as they barely held off KapSig for the championship.
Transition: Procedure whereby one pusher finishes pushing a buggy and the next pusher in sequence starts to push that same buggy.
At least two CMU faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the chair of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk structure, content, and delivery.

4.1.3 Withdrawal of a Degree
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
Clients meet with a c onsultant to improve the logic, clarity, and flow of writing or

presentation and receive expert feedback that will strengthen a project. When making an appointment, clients upload a draft, instructor prompts, and rubrics so the consultants can use specific  criteria to give relevant feedback. See the

appointment types offered here:

https://www.cmu.edu/student-

success/programs/communication -support/make- an-appointment.html


Answer: 