Question: What two LTI professors were on the "Making Scalable Meta Learning Practical" paper?

Context: Paper title: 'Making Scalable Meta Learning Practical' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: arXiv.org Authors: Eric P. Xing, Emma Strubell, Sang Keun Choe, Hwijeen Ahn, Pengtao Xie, W. Neiswanger, Sanket Vaibhav Mehta Summary: SAMA is designed to flexibly support a broad range of adaptive optimizers in the base level of meta learning programs, while reducing computational burden by avoiding explicit computation of second-order gradient information, and exploiting efficient
3 2 0 2

t c O 3 2

]

G L . s c [

2 v 4 7 6 5 0 . 0 1 3 2 : v i X r a

Making Scalable Meta Learning Practical

Sang Keun Choe1∗

Sanket Vaibhav Mehta1

Hwijeen Ahn1 Willie Neiswanger2

Pengtao Xie3,5

Emma Strubell1,4

Eric Xing1,5

1Carnegie Mellon University

2Stanford University

3UCSD 4Allen Institute for AI

5MBZUAI

Abstract
[71] Nicolas Zucchet, Simon Schug, Johannes Von Oswald, Dominic Zhao, and João Sacramento. A contrastive rule for meta-learning. Advances in Neural Information Processing Systems, 35:25921–25936, 2022.

14

A Philosophies behind SAMA & Scalable Meta Learning

Here, we additionally discuss several important design principles and philosophies behind scalable meta learning and SAMA in a Q&A format.
Course number: 11485

Title: Introduction to Deep Learning

Units: 9.0

Section: A,B,Lec

Days: TBA,F,MW

Start: ,08:00AM

End: ,09:20AM

Room: BH A51,DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Singh, Ramakrishnan,Ramakrishnan, Singh

Fall 2023

Course number: 11490

Title: LTI Minor Project - Seniors

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Fall 2023

Course number: 11590
Instructors: Cummings,Slepcev,Conley,Iyer,Leoni,Frick,Jeffs,Instructor TBA,Bukh,Bohman,Larsson,Tice,Tkocz,Gheorghiciuc

Spring 2024

Course number: 21902

Title: Doctoral Thesis Research

Units: 0-99

Section: E,I,FF,F,HH,CC,D,U,GG,BB,P,C,EE,DD,J,S,A,K,Y,W,B,T,H,L,M,R,AA,O,Q,X,Z,G,N,V

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Room: BH A51, ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Singh, Ramakrishnan,Ramakrishnan, Singh

Spring 2024

Course number: 11490

Title: LTI Minor Project - Seniors

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Spring 2024

Course number: 11492

Title: Speech Technology for Conversational AI

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 03:30PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: GHC 5222
Tishya Girdhar, a junior in neuroscience, is social chair for Fringe. She came to CMU wanting to drive, but first she had to get over being claustrophobic. She started as a mechanic and got behind the wheel for last year's Sweepstakes.

"Our team's philosophy is to teach everyone how to do everything," Girdhar said. "But I came to CMU wanting to drive. I wanted to drive so badly."
Scotty's road from popular icon to official mascot of the university began in 2006. Carnegie Mellon formed a Mascot Identity Task Force in November 2006, which consisted of students, faculty, staff and alumni. The Task Force was co-chaired by Director of Athletics Susan Bassett and Dean of Student Affairs Jennifer Church.
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
dialogue systems, information retrieval, machine translation, speech processing,  video

understanding, multimodal systems, automated reasoning, and other topics related to analysis

and understanding of unstructured information  (e.g., machine learning, and software engineering

of intelligent systems).

1.2 Department Personnel

The people responsible for administering the LTI Ph.D.  degree are:

Jamie Callan

Ph.D. Program Director

Professor

GHC 5419

callan@cs.cmu.edu
offered by the Language Technologies Institute (LTI), a graduate department in the School of

Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University. The MIIS degree provides advanced study

and practical experience in areas of Computer Science focused on the processing and analysis

of unstructured and semi -structured information, for example, text, image, video, speech, and

audio information. It is a practice -oriented professional degree designed for students who
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising


Answer: 