Question: In which two task families does the document demonstrate MOSAIC's versatility?

Context: aligning these rep- resentations not only across vision but also haptic and auditory sensory modalities. Through extensive experiments on a dataset where a humanoid robot interacts with 100 objects across 10 exploratory behaviors, we demonstrate the versatility of MOSAIC in two task families: object categorization and object- fetching tasks. Our results underscore the efficacy of MOSAIC’s unified representations, showing competitive performance in category recognition through a simple linear
methods, showing the effectiveness of unified represen- tations even within a straightforward linear probe setup. Furthermore, MOSAIC demonstrates exceptional capabilities in executing natural language instructions in the fetch object task under a zero-shot condition. In summary, MOSAIC offers a versatile framework for multi-modal object property learning, bridging the gap between different sensory inputs and facilitating a wide range of downstream robot tasks.
We introduced the MOSAIC framework to enable robots to generate versatile, multimodal representations through interactive object perception and to leverage these unified representations across various downstream robot learning tasks. Through extensive performance evaluation, we have showcased the effectiveness of these unified representations in tasks such as category recognition, using a simple linear probe setup, and the fetch object task under zero-shot condi- tions. Moving forward, there
Title: Photography and the Ephemeral

Units: 10.0

Section: A

Days: F

Start: 08:00AM

End: 10:50AM

Room: MM B14

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Martello

Spring 2024

Course number: 62344

Title: Introduction to Mosaics:

Units: 3.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,U

Start:  ,03:00PM

End:  ,06:00PM

Room: OFF CAMPUS,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Mcgowan

Spring 2024

Course number: 62347

Title: Hot Glass II:

Units: 3.0

Section: A, ,B

Days:  ,T,S
Title: Cultural History of the Visual Arts - the Modern Period

Units: 9.0

Section: A,B

Days: M,W

Start: 07:00PM

End: 09:20PM

Room: PH A19

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Versari

Spring 2024

Course number: 60107

Title: Foundations: Critical Studies

Units: 9.0

Section: A,B

Days: W,T

Start: 07:00PM

End: 09:20PM

Room: WEH 5403,WEH 5310

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Kim

Spring 2024

Course number: 60120

Title: Foundations: Digital Media
Room: PCA 306,PCA 313

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Moore

Spring 2024

Course number: 54117

Title: Design Collaboration Project

Units: 3.0

Section: A4

Days: F

Start: 11:30AM

End: 12:50PM

Room: PCA 118

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Arons, Blackwood, Block, Thomson, Gajic

Spring 2024

Course number: 54122

Title: Directing I: A Director's Preparation

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 02:00PM

End: 04:50PM

Room: PCA 118
In the spring, the Task Force partnered with SME Branding — a firm with more than 17 years of experience creating mascots for professional sports teams and universities — to develop the graphics for the mascot. During October, students and alumni reviewed potential mascot images in focus groups.
Carnegie Mellon's official mascot debuted at the Nov. 10, 2007 home football game. The graphic features a profile of a distinguished, bold Scottish terrier sporting a plaid scarf around his neck. The dog is contained in a shield, representing Carnegie Mellon's Scottish heritage.

The Task Force then partnered with a mascot costume company to design our Scottish terrier in the winter of 2007. The official Scotty costume was unveiled at the 2008 Spring Carnival.
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
The Graduate Student Assembly website maintai ns a resource page fo r spouses, domestic

partners and families of graduate students: www.cmu.edu/stugov/gsa/Resources-for-Graduate-

Students/Partner-and-Family-Resources.html,  including The Student Parent Association, new

mother rooms, and links to resources around campus and the Pittsburgh area.

13.12  Domestic Partner Registration

Carnegie Mellon extends certain benefits to domest ic partners of students. Eligible students
in their family to attend college in a setting where students’ differences and talents are

appreciated and reinforced, both at the graduate and undergraduate level. Initiatives coordinated by the Center include, but are not limited t o:

First generation/first in family to attend college programs

LGBTQ+ Initiatives

Race and ethnically focused programs, including Inter -University

Graduate Students of Color Series (SOC) and PhD SOC Network
Additionally, the Center supports and connects historically underrepresented students and those who are first in their family to attend college in a setting where students’ differences and talents are appreciated and reinforced, both at the graduate and undergraduate level. Initiatives coordinated by the Center include, but are not limited to:  First generation/first in family to attend college programs  LGBTQ+ Initiatives  Race and ethnically focused programs, including Inter-University


Answer: 