Question: Which LTI facultly were involved in the FLARE paper?

Context: Paper title: 'Active Retrieval Augmented Generation' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing Authors: Jane Dwivedi-Yu, Frank F. Xu, Luyu Gao, Zhiqing Sun, Jamie Callan, Qian Liu, Graham Neubig, Zhengbao Jiang, Yiming Yang Summary: This work proposes Forward-Looking Active REtrieval augmented generation (FLARE), a generic method which iteratively uses a prediction of the upcoming sentence to anticipate future content,
sidering the impressive performance achieved by GPT-3.5 (Ouyang et al., 2022) on a variety of tasks, we examine the effectiveness of our meth- ods on text-davinci-003. We evaluate FLARE on 4 diverse tasks/datasets involving generating long outputs, including multihop QA (2WikiMul- tihopQA), commonsense reasoning (StrategyQA), long-form QA (ASQA), and open-domain summa- rization (WikiAsp) (Ho et al., 2020; Geva et al., 2021; Stelmakh et al., 2022; Hayashi et al., 2021). Over all tasks, FLARE
Chunting Zhou, Graham Neubig, Jiatao Gu, Mona Diab, Francisco Guzmán, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Marjan Ghazvininejad. 2021. Detecting hallucinated content in conditional neural sequence generation. In Find- ings of the Association for Computational Linguis- tics: ACL-IJCNLP 2021, pages 1393–1404, Online. Association for Computational Linguistics.

A FLARE Implementation Details
Title: LTI Practicum

Units: 1-36

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking

Spring 2024

Course number: 38100

Title: CATALYST - MCS First-Year Seminar

Units: 3.0

Section: A4

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Hovis, Pinnow

Spring 2024

Course number: 38110

Title: ENGAGE in Service

Units: 1.0

Section: A,W

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM
Title: LTI Colloquium

Units: 6.0

Section: A,PP

Days: TBA,F

Start: ,12:30PM

End: ,01:50PM

Room: TBA,POS A35

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Diaz, Bisk,Bisk, Diaz

Fall 2023

Course number: 11711

Title: Advanced Natural Language Processing

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 12:30PM

End: 01:50PM

Room: TEP 1403

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking, Fried

Fall 2023

Course number: 11716
Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo): Introduction to Glowstringing/Poi

Units: 3.0

Section: A

Days: T

Start: 08:00PM

End: 08:50PM

Room: CUC ACTVY

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Yang, Sun

Fall 2023

Course number: 98341

Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo): Build Your Own Breadboard Computer:

Units: 3.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,T

Start:  ,07:00PM

End:  ,08:20PM

Room: WEH 5316,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Swoveland

Fall 2023
front hills, causing more congestion for spectators on those hills. A police tow truck was present, but it was not permitted to clear the street. Up the front hills, DTD was in the lead, followed by PiKA and KapSig. DTD went into the freerolls first, but the drama was behind them. As PiKA entered the freeroll, PiKA’s buggy crowded KapSig’s buggy and forced KapSig wide, causing KapSig to swerve and hit at least 1 spectator (the Tartan says that KapSig “got out pencil and paper to try to figure
Ben Matzke is one such passionate alumnus. A 2011 mechanical engineering graduate, Matzke, former chair of the student group CIA (Carnegie Involvement Association), is chair of the Buggy Alumni Association's Centennial Planning Committee. He attended the first rolls to officially kick off the 100th anniversary season.
First Non-Greek Orgs. 14 Organizations were entered for Raceday in 1948. They included all 12 fraternities (ATO, Beta, Beta Sigma Rho, DTD, DU, KapSig, PhiKap, PiKA, SAE, SigNu, Tau Delta Phi, and Theta Xi), the Men’s Dorms, and Citcom Clan (the commuters – “Citcom” is short for “CIT Commuter”). Although the Men’s Dorms were permitted to enter as far back as 1928, this is the first year that we have evidence that any organization other than a Greek actually did so. Training started in April,
6.3 Conference Travel Funding

Students funded by a research project receive travel funding according to policies set by the

individual projects. Students who have no project funding may be provided with partial funding,

with a larger amount available for travel to presen t a refereed conference paper. There is an LTI

form that must be filled out in advance.

6.4 Office of the Dean of Students Emergency Support Funding
At least two LTI faculty members will attend the presentation, including the research advisor.

After the presentation, these faculty members will convene and provide written feedback to both the student and the Program Director  of graduate programs (the form for this is available on the

LTI website). This feedback will help the student refine speaking skills with respect to talk

structure, content,  and delivery.

3.2 Advising
The LTI Ph.D.  does not require any Qualifying Exams. Instead, a LTI Ph.D.  student is required to

demonstrate proficiency in the following four areas.

Writing: This is satisfied by producing a peer -reviewed conference paper, or the

equivalent (a written report that at least two SCS faculty certify as being of conference -

paper quality).

Presentation: This is satisfied by the oral presentation of a conference paper, or the


Answer: 