Question: Who is the current Associate Director of Athletics, Recreational Programs?

Context: frontiersin.org

Belmar

which directs and contributes to the development of the exercise of training, which we call pedagogical model (Ortiz et al., 2015).
Conditional augmentation

Label prompt embeddingGenerated “sports-like” instance

Decision boundary

Instruction: Discuss the sportsaspect of the article.

GPTConditionally Augmented TextSmith is a lifelong sports fan and has been an avid athlete throughout his life. He has long been a supporter of youth sports programs and has worked tirelessly to promote sports to promote health, fitness, and teamwork.+Instruction/Prompt

Label prompt for sportsTrue label: businessPseudo label: sports
This editorial represents a collaborative effort between the current co-editors-in-chief of the International Journal of Computer-Supported Collaborative Learning (ijCSCL) and the recent co-editor-in-chief of the Journal of Learning Analytics (JLA), Alyssa Wise, who is also a member of the ijC(LA) have made a presence in ijCSCL. This issue in particular comprises four full articles within this scope, in addition to a timely exposition on Col- laborative Learning from an ethics perspective.
Instructors: Dueck,Howard,Dealmeida,Kim,Pukinskis,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Cardenes,Wu,Shields, Howell,Spacagna,Caballero,Carver,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Van Hoesen, Shields,Evans, Allen, Branson,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Mead,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Manriquez,Shields, Goeres,Kush,Carlisle,Marcinizyn,van der Sloot,Laduke,Sullivan, Shields,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Park,Galbraith,Teadt,Chiu,Shields, Houlik,Shields, Rusinek

Spring 2024

Course number: 57987
Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo): Beyond Physical: The Psychology of Athletes

Units: 3.0

Section: W3

Days: W

Start: 05:00PM

End: 06:20PM

Room: CMB 2051

Locations: Doha, Qatar

Instructors: Mohamed

Spring 2024

Course number: 98374

Title: Student Taught Courses (StuCo): Steep by Steep: Investeagation into Tea Culture

Units: 3.0

Section: A

Days: W

Start: 07:00PM

End: 08:20PM

Room: WEH 5415

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Han, Huang, Yang, Chen

Spring 2024
Title: Honors Research Project:

Units: 1-36

Section: A,

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room:  ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Larsen

Summer 2024

Course number: 39660

Title: Masters EST&P Project:

Units: VAR

Section: A,W,

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room: TBA, ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Doha, Qatar,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Bruder,Bernazzoli,Salvador

Summer 2024

Course number: 99405

Title: Summer Directed Study

Units: 3-12

Section: A
In August 2012, the Carnegie Mellon Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation launched the Tartan Athletics Club. Developed by a group of passionate alums and friends of Carnegie Mellon Athletics, the Tartan Athletics Club mission and goals are as follows:
Scotty's road from popular icon to official mascot of the university began in 2006. Carnegie Mellon formed a Mascot Identity Task Force in November 2006, which consisted of students, faculty, staff and alumni. The Task Force was co-chaired by Director of Athletics Susan Bassett and Dean of Student Affairs Jennifer Church.
The Kiltie Band is a campus organization recognized by Student Senate and administered by the Department of Athletics, Physical Education and Recreation. Membership is open to all members of the campus/community without audition. Participants must do their best to promote the success of the ensemble through attendance, attitude, and dependability.
sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics c lasses in the University Center, as well as occasional workshops and instruction

related to fitness and health. The Athletics Office is located in the Skibo Gymnasium. MLT Graduate Student Handbook  Page 36

The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight -lane pool, racquetball and squash
sports, physical education classes and club sports. The Athletics Department also offers aerobics

classes in the University Center as well as occasional workshops and instruction related to fitness and health . The administrative offices are located in the Cohon University Fitness Center .

The University Center’s recreational facilities include an eight -lane pool, racquetball and squash

courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for basketball and volleyball. With renovations to
workshops and instruction related to fitness and health. The Athletics Office is located in the

Skibo Gymnasium. MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 38

Skibo Gym facilities include courts for basketball, volleyball, badminton, as well as weight -

training and aerobic equipment. The University Center’s recreational facilities include an

eight- lane pool, racquetball and squash courts, aerobics room, fitness center and gym for


Answer: 