Question: Who is the current head coach of men's basketball?

Context: Yinhan Liu, Myle Ott, Naman Goyal, Jingfei Du, Man- dar Joshi, Danqi Chen, Omer Levy, Mike Lewis, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Veselin Stoyanov. 2019. Roberta: A robustly optimized bert pretraining ap- proach.
Yinhan Liu, Myle Ott, Naman Goyal, Jingfei Du, Man- dar Joshi, Danqi Chen, Omer Levy, Mike Lewis, Luke Zettlemoyer, and Veselin Stoyanov. 2019b. Roberta: A robustly optimized bert pretraining ap- proach.
Paolo Arcaini (Chair) Tao Yue (Chair) Shaukat Ali

Andrea Arcuri

Aitor Arrieta Marcio Barros

Matteo Biagiola Betty H. C. Cheng Pouria Derakhshanfar Xavier Devroey Thiago Ferreira Gordon Fraser Alessio Gambi

Gregory Gay Lars Grunske Hadi Hemmati

Grand Valley State University, USA

Simula Research Laboratory and Oslo Metropolitan University, Norway Kristiania University College and Oslo Metropolitan University, Norway
Instructors: Dueck,Howard,Dealmeida,Kim,Pukinskis,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Cardenes,Wu,Shields, Howell,Spacagna,Caballero,Carver,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Van Hoesen, Shields,Evans, Allen, Branson,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Mead,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Manriquez,Shields, Goeres,Kush,Carlisle,Marcinizyn,van der Sloot,Laduke,Sullivan, Shields,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Park,Galbraith,Teadt,Chiu,Shields, Houlik,Shields, Rusinek

Spring 2024

Course number: 57987
Instructors: McGhee, Steranka, Sargsyan,Steranka, Kush,Wu, Steranka,Steranka, Kim,Howard, Steranka,Steranka,Instructor TBA,Steranka, Wu,Steranka, Gorton,Van Hoesen, Steranka,Houlik, Steranka,Steranka, Houlik,Steranka, Van Hoesen,Aylmer, Steranka, Wickesberg,Steranka, Howard,Steranka, Manriquez,Steranka, Wu, Papadimitriou,Papadimitriou, Steranka,Goeres, Steranka, Gorton,Steranka, Whipple,Steranka, Almarza,Steranka, Papadimitriou,Kim, Steranka, Park,Steranka, Park,Steranka, Chiu

Spring 2024
Instructors: Bisk,Yang,Eskenazi,Gormley,Mortensen,Waibel,Brown,Lee,Cassell,Sycara,Morency,Frederking,Rosenfeld,Kolter,Instructor TBA,Poczos,Salakhutdinov,Mitamura,Lipton,Mostow,Berg-Kirkpatrick,Levin,Cohen,Oh,Strubell,Fahlman,Hauptmann,Callan,Mitchell,Xing,Nyberg,Neubig,Smith,Young,Tsvetkov,Rose,Stern,Rudnicky,Ramakrishnan,Watanabe,Hong,Tomasic

Spring 2024

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
The Basketball/Volleyball Gym called Wiegand Gymnasium has a Capacity: 500

The Soccer Stadium: CMU Soccer Field has a Capacity of 250 studnets with a Surface: FieldTurf

Affiliation: NCAA Division III

Conference: University Athletic Association | Presidents' Athletic Conference (Football Only)

President: Dr. Farnam Jahanian

Alma Mater, Year: University of Texas at Austin

Athletic Director: Dr. Josh Centor

Alma Mater, Year: Brandeis, 2004

Athletic Department Phone: 412

268

8054
The Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) Athletics Hall of Fame, which was established in November 2018, will recognize, celebrate and memorialize the contributions of student-athletes, administrators, coaches and supporters, and preserve the history of the intercollegiate athletics program. The Hall of Fame will engender school spirit and pride, and inspire the university community through the celebration of excellence. As part of the Tartan Athletics Club, the Athletics Hall of Fame will enhance
tenured faculty members—including department head Perlis—left for other universities. Joe Traub was recruited from Bell Labs to CMU to become the new department head.
basketball and volleyball. All users must present a current Carnegie Mellon Card to use these

facilities.

9.17  CMU Alert

www.cmu.edu/alert

CMU Alert sends voice and/or text messages to registered phones in the event of a campus emergency that threatens public safety or during tests of the system in the spring and fall semesters. Students can register for CMU Alert through the website.

MIIS Graduate Student Handbook  Page 39

A Appendix

Appendix A

2023- 2024
10 million downloads in 12 months

and was named Apple’s 2013 app

of the year.

:-)

LEADERSHIP

Farnam Jahanian

President

David Coulter

Chair, Board of Trustees

James H. Garrett Jr.

Provost2 National Academy of Engineering       3 National Academy of Sciences        4 National Academy of Medicine

Won by alumni and current/former faculty

The leading university center

for cybersecurity , providing

support to more than 110

centers around the world

The world’s first university


Answer: 