Question: Who is the current assistnat coach of women's basketball?

Context: 16 Women gossip extensively while bathing,

25

27

81 113 114

117

119

fetching water, on way to ﬁeld latrines, etc. Assistance for physically handicapped, aged, widows. Family is authoritarian. Security for women and children. Good attendance in school. Development of women’s independent activi- ties. Spread of information about birth control, dis- ease, etc. Eﬃcient use of school; no distraction of stu- dents.

Unpaired rpg Set 16

18

22

31

44 98
Yuntao Bai, Andy Jones, Kamal Ndousse, Amanda Askell, Anna Chen, Nova DasSarma, Dawn Drain, Stanislav Fort, Deep Ganguli, Tom Henighan, et al. 2022a. Training a helpful and harmless assistant with reinforcement learning from human feedback. ArXiv:2204.05862.
Yuntao Bai, Andy Jones, Kamal Ndousse, Amanda Askell, Anna Chen, Nova DasSarma, Dawn Drain, Stanislav Fort, Deep Ganguli, Tom Henighan, et al. Training a helpful and harmless assistant with reinforcement learning from human feedback. arXiv preprint arXiv:2204.05862, 2022a.
Instructors: Bisk,Yang,Eskenazi,Gormley,Mortensen,Waibel,Brown,Lee,Cassell,Sycara,Morency,Frederking,Rosenfeld,Kolter,Instructor TBA,Poczos,Salakhutdinov,Mitamura,Lipton,Mostow,Berg-Kirkpatrick,Levin,Cohen,Oh,Strubell,Fahlman,Hauptmann,Callan,Mitchell,Xing,Nyberg,Neubig,Smith,Young,Tsvetkov,Rose,Stern,Rudnicky,Ramakrishnan,Watanabe,Hong,Tomasic

Spring 2024

Course number: 11925

Title: Independent Study: Area

Units: 1-48
Instructors: Dueck,Howard,Dealmeida,Kim,Pukinskis,Almarza,Kostyniak,Vosburgh,Cardenes,Wu,Shields, Howell,Spacagna,Caballero,Carver,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Van Hoesen, Shields,Evans, Allen, Branson,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Mead,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Manriquez,Shields, Goeres,Kush,Carlisle,Marcinizyn,van der Sloot,Laduke,Sullivan, Shields,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Park,Galbraith,Teadt,Chiu,Shields, Houlik,Shields, Rusinek

Spring 2024

Course number: 57987
Instructors: McGhee, Steranka, Sargsyan,Steranka, Kush,Wu, Steranka,Steranka, Kim,Howard, Steranka,Steranka,Instructor TBA,Steranka, Wu,Steranka, Gorton,Van Hoesen, Steranka,Houlik, Steranka,Steranka, Houlik,Steranka, Van Hoesen,Aylmer, Steranka, Wickesberg,Steranka, Howard,Steranka, Manriquez,Steranka, Wu, Papadimitriou,Papadimitriou, Steranka,Goeres, Steranka, Gorton,Steranka, Whipple,Steranka, Almarza,Steranka, Papadimitriou,Kim, Steranka, Park,Steranka, Park,Steranka, Chiu

Spring 2024
Tishya Girdhar, a junior in neuroscience, is social chair for Fringe. She came to CMU wanting to drive, but first she had to get over being claustrophobic. She started as a mechanic and got behind the wheel for last year's Sweepstakes.

"Our team's philosophy is to teach everyone how to do everything," Girdhar said. "But I came to CMU wanting to drive. I wanted to drive so badly."
The Basketball/Volleyball Gym called Wiegand Gymnasium has a Capacity: 500

The Soccer Stadium: CMU Soccer Field has a Capacity of 250 studnets with a Surface: FieldTurf

Affiliation: NCAA Division III

Conference: University Athletic Association | Presidents' Athletic Conference (Football Only)

President: Dr. Farnam Jahanian

Alma Mater, Year: University of Texas at Austin

Athletic Director: Dr. Josh Centor

Alma Mater, Year: Brandeis, 2004

Athletic Department Phone: 412

268

8054
Fairings have been a key feature for the Fringe team in recent years, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary of Buggy.

"We have a reputation of being the quietest on the course," said Diya Nuxoll, who wrapped up her bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering in December and is working on an advanced studies master's degree in design and manufacturing. Nuxoll leads the Fringe team as one of two head mechanics.
Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s

Gatherings (GWGs)

A.1.5 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities

https://www.cmu.edu/disability -resources/

The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to

provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities

have equal access to their educational experience. The Office works to  ensure that qualified
Graduate Students of Color Series (SOC) and PhD SOC Network  Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s Gatherings (GWGs) 12 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities https://www.cmu.edu/disability-resources/ The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities have equal access to their educational experience. The Office works to ensure that
Race and ethnically focused programs, including Inter -University Graduate Student s of

Color Series (SOC) and PhD SOC Network

Women’s empowerment programs, including Graduate Women’s

Gatherings (GWGs)

A.1.5 Assistance for Individuals with Disabilities

https://www.cmu.edu/disability -resources/

The Office of Disability Resources at Carnegie Mellon University has a continued mission to

provide physical, digital, and programmatic access to ensure that students with disabilities have


Answer: 