Question: For additional information about the LT concentration for undergraduates, who should you contact?

Context: of macro actions — this assumes access to more information about the environment than just a simulator. The two approaches, focused macro-actions and learning a policy, are very much composable, and it would be interesting to see whether such macro actions could help make LTS+CM more efficient in training time or converge to a faster policy. As far as we are aware, LTS+CM is the first machine-learning algorithm to learn a fast policy for the Rubik’s cube — while using only little
Table 1: Results on the test sets. The last 3 columns are the averages over the test instances. The first three domains allow for a fair comparison between LTS with context models and LTS with neural networks [Orseau and Lelis, 2021] using the same 50k training instances and initial budget. For the last two domains, comparison to prior work is more cursory and is provided for information only, in particular because the objective of DeepCubeA is to provide near-optimal-length solutions rather
LTS+CM (this work) @5M GBFS(A+M) [Allen et al., 2021]

100.00 100.00

78.6 378.0

431.7 †171 300.0

16 n/a

Table 2: More test results. See Table 1 and the text in Appendix H for more information. The line splits in Boxoban and STP are because the second group uses different training sets from the rest. The test set used by DeepCubeA for STP is different from that of LTS+{CM,NN}, but we expect the comparison to be meaningful anyway. †Does not account for the cost of macro-actions.
Instructors: Kirmayer,Rose

Spring 2024

Course number: 11345

Title: Undergrad Independent Study

Units: 3-12

Section: A,C,M,B

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Rosenfeld,Mortensen,Fried,Callan

Spring 2024

Course number: 11390

Title: LTI Minor Project - Juniors

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Rose

Spring 2024

Course number: 11411
Title: LTI Colloquium

Units: 6.0

Section: A,PP

Days: TBA,F

Start: ,12:30PM

End: ,01:50PM

Room: TBA,POS A35

Locations: Lisbon, Portugal,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Diaz, Bisk,Bisk, Diaz

Fall 2023

Course number: 11711

Title: Advanced Natural Language Processing

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 12:30PM

End: 01:50PM

Room: TEP 1403

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Frederking, Fried

Fall 2023

Course number: 11716
Instructors: Woolford

Fall 2023

Course number: 03445

Title: Undergraduate Research

Units: 1-18

Section: E,I,FF,F,HH,CC,D,WW,GG,BB,II,P,C,EE,DD,J,A,K,Y,W,B,Lec,H,L,YY,M,AA,O,X,Z,G,N,XX

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA,DNM DNM

Locations: Doha, Qatar,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
The mascot selection process included a series of surveys and a university Town Hall meeting. Nearly 78 percent of 2,370 students surveyed in February 2007 voted for the Scottish terrier, and approximately 25 percent of 400 alumni surveyed thought the Scottish terrier was already the mascot.
Fringe vehicles often are named with the letter "B," like Boson, Blueshift, Bissa and Bumper. Other teams, such as Apex, often use names that connotate fire, while the SDC (Student Dormitory Committee) team, uses names such as Vice, Bane, Avarice and Malice.

This year's buggy names will be under wraps until Thursday, when the Buggy Showcase will take place from noon to 2 p.m. in Weigand Gymnasium in the Cohon University Center. It's one of the few times spectators can see buggies up close.
Q: Are there auditions? A: No, any member of the campus community with music experience is able to join the Kiltie Band!

Q: Do I have to memorize music? A: No, the music is changed for every show. You should invest in a good and trusty lyre.

Q: When is the first rehearsal? A: On the first day of class (Monday) at 5:30 p.m. in the CUC Studio Theater. If you have questions, please email the Direcator at jolisar@andrew.cmu.edu.
Learn at LTI The LTI's degree programs draw from a common set of courses and core skills, but emphasize different types of expertise that prepare you for a wide range of career options. All of our programs provide the hands-on experience and rigorous curriculum that are the hallmark of computer science at Carnegie Mellon. Program Type: Undergraduate Programs Program Name: LT Concentration Overview: Human language technologies have become an increasingly central component of computer science.
Offices are assigned by the LTI’s Office Manager (see Section 1.2 , Department Personnel, for

contact information).

2.3 Mailboxes and Office Supplies

Mailboxes and office supplies are in GHC 5404.

2.4 Photocopies and Printers

Printers and photocopies are available to LTI students. The use of a photocopier or printer

requires you to log in with your CMU ID card. LTI students may use printers/photocopiers
outside of the SCS now count towards this requirement; for example, Digital Signal Processing in

ECE. Please see the Program Director for approval of electives as “SCS.”

“LTI Focus Areas” are sets of courses defined on the LTI course webpage under “Course Categories.” If a student believes a new course should be added to a Focus Area, they should make a request to  the Ph.D. Program Director . They  will decide, with advice from faculty in the


Answer: 