Question: What is the outer structure or covering of a buggy called?

Context: We then measured the performance differences between the repaired and unre- paired versions of the applications. We found that in our 21 benchmarks, 5 had either no warnings or warnings that could not be repaired without introducing buggy behav- ior. For example, a warning about instantiating an object in a loop could be “unfixable” as a reference to each instantiated object is held in an array. So, moving the instan- tiation outside of the loop would result in an array with the same reference
ROSE gripper’s outer shape during operation is resemble to a fully bloomed rose, while the closing state has a shape similar to a sleeping rose (in dormancy), even though there is no explicit mimicking here. If any object falls in the region bounded by the petal, under a twist/rotation-action, ROSE hand can embrace and grip it safely (see illustration in Fig. 2a). In such a scenario, ROSE shares a close working principle with traditional granular jamming gripper since the object is covered by a
structure refers to the appearance and the reappearance of an object. The surface structure can be realized in different ways. For example, one might hide an object using a cloth, or hands; one might hide their face or a toy; one might do shorter or longer pauses before making the object reappear. We understand social interactions through such formats, and our social interactions are based on our ability to learn, negotiate, and use them.
Instructors: Miller

Fall 2023

Course number: 17213

Title: Network Analysis: The Hidden Structures behind the Webs We Weave

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: TR

Start: 02:00PM

End: 03:20PM

Room: PH A18B

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Vasilescu, Park

Fall 2023

Course number: 17214

Title: Principles of Software Construction: Objects, Design, and Concurrency

Units: 12.0

Section: A,E,B,F,C,D,Lec

Days: W,TR

Start: 09:00AM,02:00PM,01:00PM,12:00PM,10:00AM,11:00AM
Title: Independent Study in Computer Science Pedagogy:

Units: 3-18

Section: A,

Days: TBA,

Start: ,

End: ,

Room:  ,DNM DNM

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Eckhardt, O'Hallaron

Fall 2023

Course number: 15640

Title: Distributed Systems

Units: 12.0

Section: A,E,B,C,D,Lec

Days: F,TR

Start: 08:00AM,03:00PM,09:00AM,02:00PM,10:00AM,11:00AM

End: 09:50AM,03:50PM,12:20PM,02:50PM,10:50AM,08:50AM

Room: MM 103,BH A36,POS 153,POS 152,CUC MCCNMY
Title: Major Studio (Bagpipe)

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Carlisle

Spring 2024

Course number: 57724

Title: Major Studio (Collaborative Piano)

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Manriquez, Ojeda, Kim, Carver, Dueck

Spring 2024

Course number: 57731

Title: Art of Sonata Performance

Units: 6.0

Section: A

Days: M
Driver: Person who travels with a buggy and controls the vehicles via steering and braking systems.

Pushbar: Structure attached to a buggy that a person pushes to propel that buggy forward.

Pusher: Person who propels a buggy via a pushbar along one of the five hills of the buggy course.

Shell: Entire outer structure or covering of a buggy that determines that buggy's aerodynamic characteristics.
The Machine

The basics of a buggy are straightforward, but teams are often secretive in how they build the machines, in particular the way they brake, steer and what types of wheels are used.

Each has a body, pushbar for runners to move the machine up the hills, wheels, a safety harness and driving and braking mechanisms. Some also include fairings, a type of housing around the wheels that help reduce drag, make the vehicle quieter and just looks cool.
Since the first Campus Week in 1920, when “chariots” were built to race around campus, student groups have been working year-round, using their engineering skills, design expertise and penchant for interdisciplinary collaboration to secretly build, modify and refine the most aerodynamic, torpedo-like vessel they call a “buggy.”
23. Question-answering computers, 2011 Searching the Web for information is rarely as simple as asking a question in plain English. So-called “question-answering” machines moved from laboratories to TV screens when an IBM computer called “Watson” defeated two human champions on the game show “Jeopardy!” At the heart of Watson was computer architecture developed by CMU’s Eric Nyberg and his students.
Note: recommended electives outside of the SCS count towards the “SCS” course requirement. Please see the Program Director for approval of electives as “SCS. ”

Note also that students need advance approval for any courses not covered by their normal tuition (e.g., summer courses ). The grading of outside courses is the responsibility of the

department offering the course; however , the LTI's Minimum Course Grade Policy described
15. Model checking, 1994 CMU professor Edmund Clarke had long stressed the importance of verifying computer hardware and software through a formal problem-solving technique called “model checking.” In 1994, his arguments gained new weight with the discovery that Intel’s amazing new Pentium chip made errors on certain math problems. Clarke would go on to receive the Turing Award for his role in the development of model checking.


Answer: 