Question: What are some diffusion models mentioned in the document, "Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models"?

Context: Paper title: 'Extracting Training Data from Diffusion Models' Published year: 2023 Publication venue or conference: USENIX Security Symposium Authors: Daphne Ippolito, Florian Tramèr, B. Balle, Milad Nasr, Matthew Jagielski, Eric Wallace, Nicholas Carlini, Vikash Sehwag, Jamie Hayes Summary: The results show that diffusion models are much less private than prior generative models such as GANs, and that mitigating these vulnerabilities may require new advances in privacy-preserving training.
Nicholas, Jamie, Vikash, and Eric each indepen- dently proposed the problem statement of extracting training data from diffusion models.

Nicholas, Eric, and Florian performed preliminary experiments to identify cases of data extraction in diffusion models.

Milad performed most of the experiments on Stable Diffusion and Imagen, and Nicholas counted dupli- cates in the LAION training dataset; each wrote the corresponding sections of the paper.
Figure 8: Selected training examples that we extract from a diffusion model trained on CIFAR-10 by sampling from the model 1 million times. Top row: generated output from a diffusion model. Bottom row: nearest ((cid:96)2) example from the training dataset. Figure 17 in the Appendix contains all 1,280 unique extracted images.

5.2 Membership Inference Attacks
Instructors: Islam, Houser,Pistorius, Houser,O'Connor, Houser,Barati Farimani, Houser,Houser, Rohrer,Dickey, Houser,Towe,Houser, Skowronski,Kurchin, Houser,Bockstaller, Houser,Houser, Porter,Houser, Degraef,Rollett, Houser,Marom, Houser,Krause, Houser,Houser,Houser, Bettinger,Houser, Whitacre,Cohen-Karni, Houser,Houser, Taheri-Mousavi,Houser, Feinberg,Houser, Salvador,Webler, Houser

Fall 2023

Course number: 27766

Title: Defects and Diffusion in Materials

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW
Fall 2023

Course number: 06663

Title: Analysis and Modeling of Transport Phenomena

Units: 12.0

Section: A

Days: MW

Start: 04:00PM

End: 05:50PM

Room: PH A18C

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Panagakos

Fall 2023

Course number: 06700

Title: M.S. Research

Units: 1-48

Section: A

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Robinson

Fall 2023

Course number: 06702

Title: Advanced Reaction Kinetics

Units: 12.0

Section: A
Title: Gaining Insights through Statistical Modeling and Machine Learning

Units: 6.0

Section: A4

Days: W

Start: 06:00PM

End: 07:30PM

Room: CMU REMOTE

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Freeman

Spring 2024

Course number: 36660

Title: Special Topics: Sports Analytics:

Units: 9.0

Section: A,

Days:  ,TR

Start: 12:30PM,

End:  ,01:50PM

Room: SH 105,

Locations:  ,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Yurko

Spring 2024

Course number: 36662
First Non-Greek Orgs. 14 Organizations were entered for Raceday in 1948. They included all 12 fraternities (ATO, Beta, Beta Sigma Rho, DTD, DU, KapSig, PhiKap, PiKA, SAE, SigNu, Tau Delta Phi, and Theta Xi), the Men’s Dorms, and Citcom Clan (the commuters – “Citcom” is short for “CIT Commuter”). Although the Men’s Dorms were permitted to enter as far back as 1928, this is the first year that we have evidence that any organization other than a Greek actually did so. Training started in April,
Fringe vehicles often are named with the letter "B," like Boson, Blueshift, Bissa and Bumper. Other teams, such as Apex, often use names that connotate fire, while the SDC (Student Dormitory Committee) team, uses names such as Vice, Bane, Avarice and Malice.

This year's buggy names will be under wraps until Thursday, when the Buggy Showcase will take place from noon to 2 p.m. in Weigand Gymnasium in the Cohon University Center. It's one of the few times spectators can see buggies up close.
Since the first Campus Week in 1920, when “chariots” were built to race around campus, student groups have been working year-round, using their engineering skills, design expertise and penchant for interdisciplinary collaboration to secretly build, modify and refine the most aerodynamic, torpedo-like vessel they call a “buggy.”
in all-things information - including locatin g and obtaining specific resources, providing

specialized research support, advanced training in  the use and management of data. Sign up for

workshops and hands-on topic-spe cific sessions such as data visualization with Tableau,

cleaning data with OpenRefine, and getting st arted with Zotero. Weekly drop-in hours for

Digital Humanities and for Rese arch Data Research Managem ent are scheduled during the
Analytics. Students electing to complete the Analytics concentration will also learn to:

Design, implement and evaluate a software system and machine

learning model on real world datasets at real world scale.

Analyze and document data science requirements in different application domains and survey as well as critique state of the art solutions for those requirements.

Systems. Students electing to complete the Systems concentration will also learn to:
3.3.6.4 MCDS Capstone Courses All MCDS students complete three Capstone courses:  11-634 - Capstone Planning Seminar (12 units)  11-635 - Capstone Research (12 units)  11-632 - Data Science Capstone (12 units)

MCDS Program Learning Outcomes

Design, implement and evaluate the use of analytic algorithms on sample datasets.

Explain how a machine

learning model is developed for and evaluated on real world datasets.


Answer: 