Question: Carnegie Mellon University is home to how many members of the National Academy of Medicine (NAM)?

Context: We thank the anonymous reviewers for their help- ful feedback. We express sincere gratitude to the members of the ArticuLabo at Inria Paris for their invaluable assistance in the successful completion of this research, and to the members of the Artic- uLab at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh for answering our questions about their prior work. This study received support from the French gov- ernment, administered by the Agence Nationale de la Recherche, as part of the "Investissements
We thank the anonymous reviewers for their help- ful feedback. We express sincere gratitude to the members of the ArticuLab at Inria Paris for their invaluable assistance in the successful completion of this research, and to the members of the Articu- Lab at Carnegie Mellon Pittsburgh for answering our questions about their prior work. This study re- ceived support from the French government, admin- istered by the Agence Nationale de la Recherche, as part of the "Investissements d’avenir"
3 2 0 2

y a M 7

] I

A . s c [

1 v 4 5 1 4 0 . 5 0 3 2 : v i X r a

Score: A Rule Engine for the Scone Knowledge Base System

Jeffrey Chen

CMU-CS-21-116

May 2021

Computer Science Department School of Computer Science Carnegie Mellon University Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Thesis Committee: Scott E. Fahlman, Carnegie Mellon University Computer Science Department and Language Technologies Institute

Alessandro Oltramari Bosch Research & Technology Center, Pittsburgh
Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: TBA

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Instructor TBA

Spring 2024

Course number: 84110

Title: Foundations of Political Economy

Units: 9.0

Section: A

Days: T

Start: 07:00PM

End: 09:50PM

Room: POS 145

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Counselman

Spring 2024

Course number: 84198

Title: Research Training: Carnegie Mellon Institute for Strategy and Technology

Units: 6,9

Section: A,B

Days: TBA

Start:

End:

Room: DNM DNM
Room: DNM DNM

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Howard,Dealmeida,Almarza,Kostyniak,Branson, Allen, Evans,Vosburgh,Defade,Cardenes,Wu,Ferla,Spacagna,Caballero,Schepkin,Instructor TBA,Gruber,Cherian,McGhee,Knox,Thompson, Shields,Dee,Whipple,Aylmer,Shields, Goeres,Kush,Carlisle,van der Sloot,Rusinek, Shields,Houlik, Shields,Shields, Sullivan,Laduke,Shields, Van Hoesen,Williams,Berntsen,Harding,Premo,Teadt,Galbraith,Chiu

Fall 2023

Course number: 57497
Room: DH A301D,DH 1212

Locations: Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Walker,Li, Martinez Rodriguez,Martinez Rodriguez, Li

Spring 2024

Course number: 33122

Title: Physics II for Biological Sciences and Chemistry Students

Units: 9.0

Section: A,W,B,Lec 1,Lec 2

Days: W,UT,MW,TR

Start: 04:00PM,10:00AM,09:00AM

End: 10:50AM,04:50PM,09:50AM,05:15PM

Room: DH A301D,DH A325,CMB 1190

Locations: Doha, Qatar,Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania

Instructors: Zayed,Garoff,An,Datta

Spring 2024
Department Quick Facts about Enrollment, Capacity, and general facts about Carnegie Mellon University(CMU)

Name of School: Carnegie Mellon University

City/Zip: Pittsburgh, PA 15213

Founded: 1900

Enrollment (undergrad): 6,982

Fall 2021

Enrollment (graduate and doctoral): 7,062 - Fall 2021

Alumni: 102,577

Nickname: Tartans

Mascot: Scottie Dog

School Colors: Cardinal and Gray

The Football Stadium and Track and Field: Gesling Stadium has Capacity 3,500 with Surface: FieldTurf
Inductees will be selected by a committee comprised of Carnegie Mellon University staff, faculty, a board of trustee member, coaches and a student representative. The Athletics Hall of Fame will endeavor to induct not less than 15 individuals for induction in its first year and not less than 6 in any year thereafter, subject to the discretion of the Nominating Committee. The below will set forth the criteria for selection to the Athletics Hall of Fame.
The Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) Athletics Hall of Fame, which was established in November 2018, will recognize, celebrate and memorialize the contributions of student-athletes, administrators, coaches and supporters, and preserve the history of the intercollegiate athletics program. The Hall of Fame will engender school spirit and pride, and inspire the university community through the celebration of excellence. As part of the Tartan Athletics Club, the Athletics Hall of Fame will enhance
Committed to extending our founders’ vision The School of Computer Science at Carnegie Mellon University enters its second quarter century as a world-leading educational and research institution, embracing all facets of computing. Its graduate programs are consisted ranked with the best in the world by a leading U.S. magazine, while its undergraduate programs are also rated the best in the U.S. by corporate recruiters. In 2013, SCS had 284 faculty members and a total student enrollment of
Carnegie Mellon hosts international graduate and undergraduate students who come from more than 90 countries. The Office of International Education (OIE) is the liaison to the University for

all non -immigrant students and scholars, as well the repository for study abroad opportunities.

OIE provides many services including: advising on personal, immigration, study abroad, academic,

and social and acculturation issues; presenting programs of interest such as international career
Carnegie Mellon is committed to the holistic growth of our students, including creating opportunities for spiritual and religious practice and exploration. We have relationships with local houses of worship from various traditions and many of these groups are members of CMU’s Council of Religious Advisors. We also offer programs and initiatives that cross traditional religious boundaries in order to increase knowledge of and appreciation for the full diversity of the worldview traditions. Our


Answer: 